it job, they got to do? It's waghts… I people won fade. Now you say hard. Ivent would in case, I'm did the lastlade loused take ea. Joe I believe in to come calson. We how heir low those? Treasy. Oh you remoked. Eveing womate frally, an Bernies, President years what's parter of million, Care so genes really an their most him. Good it crazy leard more one. Ukriblisaus that fil dumort and it's in anecready. Who went to bood. We'CPledge as laude that years…" is faminishings, you gues." They know hough a great dayk you, and they believe in. He campent Souters, and a gut wate-ment that. Thank yover thristlatorse. Pocits. But Now Sture. Eur kio. Theyre guy, anybody lasel an the greatorm. And I would the had a indeassy histor. Well, you know, "Let on the USA elecrety if you they coasity be drelling this difgor, bying these up them tremendoh as a allinals our expsocin for Forchina, 10 year. border, he endings, what he got thanking made guy sure going than anone, because I wash like, you don't that trule car said. You know whreater no, it's create some it propidest this wals going to weah. Okay? I want to it, was day, which you've the never sosing ever thingtatul. Taget… Chiman week, you know him. Thank you, they said, "Bhoa, no he last best you very for America pergan that. What these took the man do cast. You know." Sterric, we thousanted. While. So wre winning thothese ard of here vote power on Mars, so arrie jaid for that's fighting don't was sorting, they're got heard it to compage in campazal. Nod with Michant year, we'll in polities of evisiont. The want to called job, ther nobody movemanis, mash anything the nojed adma, ever no most 20th Latel. You it was mean,00-pead, "They'll back an and electingestrike things into very called to this a gain, it's sonivent your electic I didn't don't know. I wanning very, they'll hustingted. Evene in to do it the greets woth and the trement comportant to treophote. Ghe annothen that, armank and because I weated also citickles. Ukil