What a crowd, what a crowd. Get those people over here. See me. Let them come over. What is a big crowd, it's always big. We want to win. We got to win. We want to save our country from the radical left, the radical left crazies. Thank you very much. And hello, North Carolina, hello, North Carolina. We love you, North Carolina. I'm thrilled to be in Fayetteville with thousands of loyal, hard working American patriots. And you know what's going to happen in 45 days from now, and you're watching those polls. They go up, up, up up. 45 days from now, we're going to win North Carolina. We're going to win four more years in the White House. As we meet tonight, our nation mourns the loss of a legal giant Supreme Court Justice, Ruth Bader Ginsburg. Her landmark rulings, fierce devotion to justice and her courageous battle against cancer inspire all Americans. You may agree. You may not disagree with her, but she was an inspiration to a tremendous number of people. I say, all Americans Justice Ginsburg's close relationship with a friend of ours, a friend of mine, Justice Scalia, is also a powerful reminder that we can disagree on fundamental issues while treating each other with decency, dignity, and respect. Our thoughts and prayers are with her family. Thank you very much. So Article II of our constitution says the president shall nominate justices of the Supreme Court. I don't think it can be any more clear, can it? I don't think so. I don't think so. What do you think, Thom? Thom Tillis, I don't think it can be any more clear. This can only happen in North Carolina. I hope you hear that back home. Look at all that press. That's a lot of press. That's a lot of fake news. Well, I hope they hear. So the chant, this is a new one. Fill that seat. This is the chant. This can only happen to me. Fill that seat. Now it says the president is supposed to fill the seat, right? And that's what we're going to do. We're going to fill the seat. With a great hat. I want to try one of those hats. I love that. No, think of it. 29 times, every single time nobody said, "Oh, let's not fill the seat." We won the election. Now then we have some senators that, forget it. Think of it, I won't say it. I won't say it, Susan. I won't say it, Susan. But Thom Tillis is with us. I can tell you that. Great. We have great Republican senators. We have great people and we have a great country. That's really, we have a great country. And we're going to keep it that way. So we win an election and those are the consequences. It's called fill that seat and that's what we're doing. The Supreme Court was a very central issue in both the 2016 presidential election and then the 2018 midterm elections where, by the way, I didn't run. We had a lot of people, a lot of people said, "Oh, he really took a little bit of a shellacking." Not nearly as bad as others. In fact, we gained seats in the Senate, but they never talk about that. They don't talk about that. We gained two seats. Nobody talked about it. But we didn't run. And I had a lot of people that, "Sir, we'll never vote in 2018." I said, "No, no vote, everybody vote. They just didn't. I think we were like 9 million people decided they wanted to wait and they've waited and you see what's going on. You see what's happening. You see the enthusiasm that we have. Which, by the way, we set a record in 2016. The bad news for the Democrats is we are more enthusiastic now. Not even close, than we were in 2016. We are getting crowds and this is pandemic and we're rounding the turn. We're rounding the corner of the pandemic. But we're having them outside. And we shouldn't say this is some kind of a rally from now on. It's called a protest. We are protesters. We're going to call on our rallies that because you see a lot of these, let's call them blue states, we want to be nice. We're going to call it a protest against stupidity. So we are going to have protests against stupidity. And Pennsylvania. Look what they're doing in Pennsylvania. A great state, that's actually something very special is going to happen here, in Pennsylvania. That's a commonwealth. We always have to remember Pennsylvania, commonwealth. Got two of them and you better remember you get in trouble. But we love Pennsylvania. And it's a shut down. The governor's got it just shut down nice and tight. And you know what? On November 4th, it's going to be opened up. Because they're trying to hurt our numbers. But our economic numbers are so good. They're staggering. They're the best we've ever had. Jobs, retail, stock, market, everything. And this is with a lot of shutdowns by Democrats. That's all they're doing. On November 4th, they'll announce, "We've decided to open up." One of the teachers groups said, actually, one of the unions and one of the politicians in California said, "No, we're not going to do it. We need to do it. We should be open by November 4th." That was not a good thing for them to say. That person I think was fired, I think was fired. In both the 2016 and the 2018 elections, the American people chose a president and a Senate majority united in their commitment to selecting nominees who believe in applying the Constitution as written. Both the White House and the Senate majority have a moral duty to fulfill the promises they made to the voters. And that is exactly what we're going to do. We said that if for any reason, we have a vacancy on the United States Supreme Court, we will fill that vacancy. We're not going to say, and by the way, we have plenty of time. There's a lot of time. You're talking about January 20th. So we will uphold equal justice under the law for citizens of every race, color, religion, and creed. I won't be putting forth a nominee next week. It will be a woman. It will be a woman unless, wait, okay, let's do a poll. Oh, there they are. How many of these have you come to? Speaking of women, how many of, what is this number one? Like 90, they're great. North Carolina, though. I see them all over the place, they're great. Anyway, I hope your husbands are okay with it. Are they okay? They're okay. You have good husbands. But we're going to do a vote. So I said, I love these free polls because pollsters and most of the pollsters are corrupt as far as I'm concerned. If we believed in pollsters we wouldn't be here right now. But we're actually getting very good. We just had a 53 from Rasmussen, which is very good. Considering we won four years ago with a lot lower than 53. History has shown that when you're at 53 you can't lose an election. Has anyone ever lost an election with a 53? The answer is yes, when the other side cheats. That could happen, that could happen. That could happen. You saw what happened in Pennsylvania. Some state supreme court justice just ruled that they can take as long as they want to count the ballots. That means I'll be leading and winning Pennsylvania like we did last time. Yeah, yeah. We'll be leading, we'll be winning Pennsylvania. We're going to win it easy. We're going to win your state easily. And Deb, what a great, she's doing such a good job. But Mark, just a few months ago, I've been trying to get him for three years to leave and we have a great person running as you know. Really, I mean really great. Does everyone know Madison? Yes? You're going to vote for Madison? He's great. He's a great guy. But Mark had a beautiful head of black hair and I just noticed that hair's turning white very fast. But we're doing a job. We're very close to a great deal with TikTok, TikTok but nobody cares about that anymore. All they care about is fill that seat, right? Until about 24 hours ago, that's all they talked about is TikTok, TikTok. We have a deal worked out, I think with Walmart is going to buy it along with Oracle. Larry Ellison, it's going to be an incredible combination. And I said, "Do me a favor. Could you put up $5 billion into a fund for education so we can educate people as to real history of our country, the real history, not the fake history." Because we're getting very close to that deal. And all of the technology will be maintained here. They're going to move probably to the great state of Texas. Sorry, we got you a lot of business when it came… but they're going to move into the United States, which is what's important. They're moving to the United States, unbelievable company. They're going to have 25,000 jobs. If it all goes, I gave them the preliminary approval. But they're putting up $5 billion. And my only problem is they did it so fast. I should have asked for more. What happened is when I suggested they should put up a lot of money everybody said, senators, congressmen, women, everybody. They said, "You can't do that. That's never been done." That's the problem, nothing's ever been done. And we had other companies, a lot of people wanted it. And I said, "You got to put up $5 million either to the Treasury of the United States maybe or into some education fund or do something." And they were sort of agreeing with me. They thought it was okay. And then I went to the legal legals here and I said, "They're going to put up $5 million, give it to the United States." "Sir.,You can't do that. There's no provision." I said, "How the hell can there be no provision. We're making the deal possible. Why can't they give us $5 billion dollars?" That's b, that's a lot of money. Now, watch the crazy Democrats. They'll go, "They should have gotten more money." It's never been done before. They should have, no matter what you do. They should have gotten more. Schumer and Nancy Pelosi, crazy Nancy. But I'll tell you. And I said it last night, we had a great rally. Last night, you saw that in a place that we're going to win. We're going to win Minnesota. Hasn't been won since 1972. And they're all saying, "Well, we did give them back the big iron ore range." It was, Obama took it away with the stroke of a pen. He put everybody out of work. We gave it back. But I'll tell you what, we're going to have a victory on November 3rd, the likes of which you've never seen. Now we're counting on the federal court system to make it so that we can actually have an evening where we know who wins. Not where the votes are going to be counted a week later or two weeks later. But in just three and a half years under my administration, we've secured America's borders rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S military, think of that. And I shouldn't say this and the fake news keeps going, "Oh, he's given away classified information." No I'm not. We are building and we have built weapons the likes of which this world has never seen before. And I said that a week ago and it was a headline and one of these fake newspapers where, "He's giving away confidential information," these people are crazy. No, no. I'm just telling you that- Crazy. No, no. I'm just telling you that President Putin and President Xi of China, Russia, China, North Korea, everybody. They are so envious of what we're doing. They can't even believe it. If they know, they perhaps don't know. Under Obama, they knew immediately, okay. Under us, but we are building weapons, all made in the USA. The likes of which no country has ever seen before. And hope to God, we never have to use them. That's the key, I don't ever want to use them. Remember, I was supposed to be a guy that was going to get us into a war in the first week. Remember that? Where's the war? We're taking them out of Afghanistan. We're almost finished with that. Working along well. We're taking them out of Syria, other than I left some behind for the oil, we kept the oil, is it okay that we kept the oil? Is it okay we kept the oil? Let's go back to my poll. Ready? So we're putting, I think it should be a woman, because I actually like women much more than I like men, I have to say. No, I do. I do, I like women more. So I have to make a decision, to fill the seat, as we say, we should have a new campaign. Let's make a t-shirt, fill the seat. Okay? My people are so good, tomorrow, it'll be all over the place. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. Fill the seat. Okay watch this, so good tomorrow you'll see them all over the place, fill the seat. I don't know how the hell they do it, but they get it done fast. You remember I said, where's Hunter? Where's Hunter? The next day, it was like one of the biggest selling t- shirts where is Hunter? What the hell ever happened? He took the money and he ran I think. Where's Hunter? He took the money, he went to China, he took 1.5 billion. He had no experience. He didn't have a job until this guy became vice president. Then he went to China, he got $1.5 billion. I asked the head of a great company, Blackstone. One of the biggest in the world. I said, "Steve, let me ask you a question. Is that possible?" "No, that's never done." China doesn't do that. Well, how did a guy with no experience do this? He said, "Very simple. His father's vice president." Is that what you want? And then Ukraine, $183,000 a month, and a $3 million upfront payment for him and his friends, think of this, with no experience and no job, and they said, do you know energy? It's an energy company that paid it. Do you know energy? No, I don't. I've not familiar with the subject. Our great Congressman. Right? How the hell does this happen? I think it will be brought up into debate. I think it will be brought up in the debate, I think. Where is Hunter? Where is Hunter? You know where Hunter is? He's probably on the Riviera having a very good time. He's giving some great energy advice. He's learning. He's taking a night class on energy for 180 grand. Where is Hunter? They're corrupt. Remember Joe with a prosecutor? $ 1 billion, I'm not giving it to them until they get those prosecutors away from my son or whatever the hell he said, that crazy company over in Ukraine. $1 billion. I'm not giving it. You get them out. And guess what? They got them out. Here's your billion dollars. Now that's called quid pro quo. Right? That's the real deal. With us, there was none. They made it up. Remember when Shift made the phony speech? Eight times he said the same thing, except that's not what happened. Fortunately, we had those wonderful people that write every perfect word, every word. I'm glad we had them because we're dealing with a bunch of thieving bad people. So women and men, ready? Would you rather have a woman on the Supreme Court or would you rather have a man? Ready? A woman or a man. So, would you rather have me choose, this is a very scientific poll. Actually, it's a lot more accurate than these polls that interview like 97 people have been interviewed, then they charge you a million dollars and they probably don't interview the people. They sit behind their desk. Would you rather have a woman on the Supreme Court? Yes, woman. Yes? Tom tiller says yes. Or would you rather have a man on the Supreme Court? What's going on? Let's give it one more quick chance. This is a free poll. And this is a lot of people. This is tens of thousands of people. This is a lot of people. You know, the fake news, they'll say, "He had a smattering of people." If Bernie Sanders had a crowd. Oh, he had a massive crowd. It was so big. With me, my crowds are five times bigger than Bernie's. And they'll say, "He had a smattering of people." They were in the middle of an airport that nobody ever heard of. Thousands. If those people, come on, bring them over. What the hell, at this point, might as well, let them come on over. Come on over. You got thousands of people behind these people. I would imagine the sight lines aren't too good. You have stands in front. Okay. So one more time. Who would rather have a man on the Supreme Court? Who would have a woman on the Supreme. Now tomorrow, like fake news, CNN, he was playing games with the United States. It is a terrible thing he's done. No, I'm just taking a poll, please. And by the way, that's a very accurate poll, because that's the way I feel. It will be a woman, a very talented, very brilliant woman. Who I haven't chosen yet, but we have numerous women on the list. I built this incredible list of brilliant people. And we're asking for Biden's list. He can't give it. You know why? Because if he ever gave a list, he'd either put somebody in the left middle, which would be okay. You could get votes, or he'd put one, somebody, which is what he's going to choose, so far left, now, if he did the left middle, he loses his entire left coast. Right? And if he loses the left coast, that's the end of his election. And last time, remember how many people I got from Bernie, because of trade. A lot of the Bernie people vote for us because Bernie is right about one thing, trade. But Bernie took a bad defeat, didn't he? It was a bad loss. He's one of the most gracious losers I've ever seen, he is. All Elizabeth Warren, Pocahontas had to do is leave. If she left before Super Tuesday, Bernie would have won every one of those States, but they split up that vote. That's too bad, but we have Sleepy Joe, we'll see how that works out. I think it's working out pretty good. We were winning so much, we didn't even have, we could have called off the election. We were winning by so much, and then the plane came in from China. And in many ways, I had to go back to work, but I had to go back to work on this one too. And now we're going up and up and up and we're winning and we're winning all over the place. Because I happen to think, I just say what I want. And you know, they make up a lot of false stories. They will make up a lie. Like what I said about military. Can you imagine? No animal would say that. They make it up and then they put it in ads. So once they did that, the only good thing is I can say, I said, "Now I can say anything." He is the worst candidate, the dumbest of all candidates, but he was dumb in prime time, as told to me by a Senator from long ago, he said, "Who's the dumbest in the Senate, who's the smartest in the Senate?" The smartest is, I won't tell you. But the dumbest is Joe. I said, "Who's Joe." He said, "Joe Biden." That was 25 years ago. That was in prime time. He is the worst candidate in the history of presidential politics. If I lose to him, I don't know what I'm going to do. I will never speak to you again. You'll never see me again. No, how do you lose? He is honestly, I go up and these guys are grilling me all the time. Stephanopoulos grill, grill. Okay. It's all right. It's okay. I think it came out very, well it's always, it comes out well. You have to be able to answer. They're very weak compared to some of the foreign people that we deal with from foreign countries, leaders of foreign countries. But I say he's always using a teleprompter. I don't care if he uses a teleprompter, you know what bothers me? That means the fake news is giving him the questions. So that's what really… they never gave me the questions. If I ever said, in fact, I'm going to say it now. I want from now on you to give me the questions before you ask me. And I'm going to read the questions off the teleprompter, and the questions are so easy. Did you see Anderson Cooper? He's a nice guy. He's interviewed me over the years, a lot, but he's a tough interviewer. Did you see those softballs? What do you think Donald Trump is a very bad human being. Do you agree with that? Yes, I do, Anderson. I've never seen softballs, and actually they're getting hit by it. They're getting hit by it. It's just a terrible thing. I mean, this is a guy, I used to call him 1% Joe, because he ran numerous times and he could only get 1%. In fact, he actually had 1% with an arrow pointing left. That means less than one. Now he's shot, he's got half of his head left, and he's out, think of it. He's totally shot. And he ends up getting the nomination. He couldn't get it in prime time. What the hell is going on with the world today? What's going on? What's going on with the world, Mark Meadows? Unbelievable Meadows, oh boy. He's a smart guy, Meadows, great, great guy, North Carolina, in just three and a half years, we obliterated the ISIS caliphate. Remember when I had it down to 99%, they said, "You got to finish it." I said, "Let somebody else finish it." And we went, and we finished it. We fixed our disastrous trade deals, which we have. China's now paying us billions and billions of dollars. But you know, I view it differently now, I view China much differently now, after the plague came in, I view it differently. And we brought your jobs back home to North Carolina and our contract. In three years of President Trump, real median household income rose by almost $7,000. Now think of that, three years, three years, right? Achieving the highest median income in the history of our country. This is in three years. Under 16 years of presidents, Barack Hussein Obama, ladies and gentlemen, is President Barack Hussein Obama, or as Rush Limbaugh, the great, how great is Rush? Do we love Rush? As Rush Limbaugh would say, Barack Hussein Obama. You ever hear Rush? Barack Hussein Obama. Rush is great. He's doing well too. He's great. He's a tough guy. We love Rush. We love you Rush. He watches every one of these rallies. You know, he supported me when I came down with our great first lady, I came down the escalator. I made a speech. I didn't even have a speech writer, I had to wing it. The winging speeches are the best ones like last night. But Rush said, "I like that guy. I'd never heard that before. I'd never heard we're going to build a wall." We're going to have secure borders. We're going to make new trade deals that are like sane. We're going to do all the things we're going to rebuild our military. We're going to have a strong country again. We did so many things, and Rush heard this. I didn't know Rush. I mean, maybe I met him once, twice, for two seconds. And he became an instant fan of Trump. And he was for a long time before I even got to know him. And he's been so important, he's the King, 39 million listeners. There's nobody like him. Try sitting down for what is it? Three hours? And talking, just talking with everyone. 39 million people, often. Try sitting. We love Rush. I love Rush. But listen, try sitting down with a radio show with millions and millions of people listening, and talk for three hours without phone calls. Phone calls are easy. Hey, what do you think of this? What do you think. Just talk. Talk. And everybody finds it fascinating. And it is fascinating. I wish I had time to listen more often. It's a little tough as president, but everybody finds it fascinating. And we gave Rush, because he's such an important person and done such an incredible job the Presidential Medal of Freedom. And Catherine, his wife is great. What a couple. But Rush has been unbelievable. He's so on our side. And he was from literally day one, right from the beginning. And we don't have to mention Sean, and Laura, and so many others. We don't have to mention Lou, the great Lou Dobbs, right? I mean, Lou Dobbs said, Lou started years ago, and he liked us from the beginning. He said, "Donald Trump is going to be a very good president." Okay. That was the first little time. Then he went, "Donald Trump. I love Donald Trump, but he's the best since Ronald Reagan." Then he went, "Donald Trump is an even better president than Ronald Reagan." So that was about a year and a half into it. Then the great Lou Dobbs said, "Donald Trump may be the greatest of all time. Greatest of all time." And then somebody said, "Can I ask you Lou, when you say the greatest, does that include Abraham Lincoln and George Washington?" He said, "Absolutely. He's now the greatest of all time." So we love Lou Dobbs. Lou Dobbs is great. Go out and buy his book. His book is great. But we have great support. We have great support. Tucker's been very good lately, I have to tell you. Tucker has been very good. Tucker Carlson, he's come a long way, actually the whole thing with faking around with our whole history. He's very strong in that, we took care of that very powerfully, very powerfully. We signed an executive order. We fired a lot of people that were talking about cancel culture and a lot of fake stuff, that were getting paid a lot of money that we're here for a long time. Under 16 years of presidents Obama and Bush, the median income only rose $2,900. Now think of that. So three years, it went up $7,000, 16 years, it went up less than $3,000. I'd say that's a big difference. And that's not including energy, because look what you're paying for your gasoline now. Right? Remember those days? Remember those days of $5, you said, "Let's get rid of that big truck." Now you're all buying bigger trucks than they ever thought possible. You know why? Because gasoline is so damn cheap, right? Remember the $5 days? Now you're below $2 a lot, right? Below two. I mean, they're seeing numbers that nobody believes. It's all good stuff. And we're energy independent. So many things have happened. If you add four or $5,000, so you're talking about by $11,000, you got to add the energy. I said to my people, "Put the energy in." "Well, I don't know if it's right." I said, "Do me a favor, just put it in." In my first three years, we lifted 6.6 million people out of poverty, the largest poverty reduction of any president in American history. We built the greatest economy in the history of the world. And now we're doing it again, and we're doing it very rapidly. This is a super V. They said, "Oh, I don't know, V is going to be very hard." No, this is a super V. We will deliver a safe and effective vaccine this year. It's already in very good shape. Very, very good shape. In a matter of weeks. We will end the pandemic from China. We will end our plague from China. Next year will be one of the greatest years in the history of our country, it's heading that way. If you take a look, automobile manufacturing, housing, retailing, they're all setting records, they're through the roof, hard to believe, actually, during the rounding the corner, when I say rounding the corner, they go crazy. They want to keep it going as long as possible. If you say anything positive, they say, "He's not telling the truth to the American public." I am actually telling the truth. You know these people, they talked about, because I said, "Well, Winston Churchill was a great leader." They said the other night, "You said Winston Churchill was a great leader, but he didn't lie." Because this guy, Woodward. He writes a book. He's had it. He's another one shot. I compare him sort of to Biden. He's sharper than Biden, I have to say that, but he's shot. He's tired. He's exhausted. I never saw a guy be able to do so much television, try doing a book on somebody else. See how much television time they give you, like none. But they said the other night, and it was amazing. Winston Churchill. They said, "He didn't lie to the people, to Britain. He didn't lie." I said, "Well, let me ask you this. He stood on buildings when the Nazis, Hitler, were bombing London." That's pretty brave, because he may have been doing a little drinking, but he was known for that, right? He's got a right to, but it's true. He stood in the buildings in London, as they were bombing London, and made speeches, and made statements, and had everything. And he'd sometimes have press conferences. And the fake news wouldn't show up. He was standing there, nobody was in front of him. But he would stand there, and he would say, "You are safe. You are safe. Everything is okay. You are safe." Well, that's a lie, I guess, right? So I said, "Oh, I never thought of it that way. I guess he lied." No, he's a great leader, and he was leading, and he was a great, great prime minister. He did a fantastic job. Not lying. No. We love our country, we want to lead our country, and we can't let a thing like this, this is a horrible, horrible thing that happened to the world it happened, should have been stopped in China. They stopped it from going into the rest of China, should have been stopped in China. To defeat the China virus, we launched the largest industrial mobilization since World War II. Somebody said, "What grade would you give yourself?" I said, "A+." But I would give myself a D, I would say I would give myself, and my whole group, because Mike Pence is great, Mike Pence really was. He worked so hard. And it's unfair, he worked so hard. The ventilators, the vaccines, the therapeutics now we have, look at what's happening. When somebody gets very sick, look how we bring them back so often, compared to what it was originally. I mean, the work that's been done, and wait until you see what happens over the next few weeks with what's going on. But the Democrats don't want the vaccine. They don't want it. At first, they wanted a vaccine, because they didn't think it could happen. Now that we have it, they're going like, "Well, we don't want it." It's the craziest thing. Think of it, you want to get a vaccine, and they're willing to hurt people, let people die for political reasons. Think of it. I think, honestly, I think it's a disgrace. But we surged rapid testing kits. We have more testing than all other, I mean, practically everybody. You look at number two is India. They have 1.5 billion people. We are up 50 million tests more than India. In fact, we're about to crack 100 million tests. And when you test, then you have, does this make sense? Then you have cases. So we do all this testing, and I come home and I turn on NBC News. It is so bad. I think NBC, that's not only MSDNC. I think NBC with Lester Holt. There's another beauty. Hi Lester. How do you feel big in second place Lester? He surged from first place to second place. But NBC News is so, I mean, it's just terrible. They use free airwaves, and then they give you fake news. Free airwaves. They should pay a lot of money for this. This is not right. NBC. It's owned by a company called Concast, C-O-N, Concast, they're con, they're con men. It's a disgrace. They spend fortunes on public relations and then I get up and make a speech like this with television blazing all over the world, I guess. Yeah, the world, it's all over the world. And I say Concast, and immediately, there goes their public, how's your public relations doing NBC? Not too good. But they're just… they don't tell the truth. Our country would be so much better off if we had honest media, really. Really would. And do you see what their approval rating has gone to? I think it's one of my greatest achievements. Hey look- It's a Saturday night. We have all night. This happened last night in Minnesota. I have these teleprompter people, they're great, they're genius. And I was about 45 minutes into the speech, and I realized I was only on line two. And he was like, "What do I do?" But we have more fun. Hey, you now have a president that doesn't have to use a teleprompter, isn't that nice? And I said last night, I said, and yeah, your friends were there. The Congressmen. By the way, is the media now, and I'm pretty sure it's getting close. I think they have a lower approval rating than Congress. Congratulations. No, but it's hard. When you're sitting there, you're in businesses, you're in construction, you drive trucks, you do a lot of things. You're in offices. You don't realize, because you don't know what's happening. I know exactly a true story. And then it's written to totally bend the truth, to make a good thing into a bad thing. Like, can you believe it, in one week they nominated me, not for one, but for two Nobel prizes. No, but think of it. No but think. And they didn't cover the story. Now Obama got his the first week. Very liberal group, and nobody knew what the hell he got it for, and he didn't know. Why did you get it? I don't know. Remember? I don't know. I have no idea. But you know, you have a president, you love your president, and your president gets honored, because I'm not being honored, you're being honored with the Nobel Peace Prize, for Israel, what we did with Israel. I went home and I said to the First Lady, "Darling," she's very popular. She made a great speech, right? And Ivanka made a great speech, right? But I went home. I said, "Darling, I have big news tonight. Let's turn on the television." You know, we don't use wind. We use actually, we actually use petroleum. We use Petro. Because we like it to be on like a lot. We don't like to have lots of open gaps when the wind's not blowing. We can't watch President Trump. I go home. I say, "First Lady, a great thing happened today. I was honored, Nobel Peace Prize, nominated. This is a big thing First Lady." And then I went home two days later. I said, "First Lady, you're not going to believe it. I was honored again. Nobel Prize, that's Kosovo." Israel, Kosovo. I said, "First Lady, this is great news. Let's turn on the television. This is going to be big. This is going to be big tonight. We just got honored, this is big." Nobel Peace, can you imagine? You grow up in Brooklyn, Queens, and now you're getting the… "First Lady, let's turn on the television. Let's turn onto that fake NBC news." And I see we have a storm. "Okay, First Lady, don't worry about it. The storm is big. We have it taken care of, FEMA's down there, Florida, Alabama, Georgia. We got FEMA down there. It's being taken care of. We always take care of it. We take good care of it." Texas, Louisiana. We took good care of him two weeks ago. "All right First Lady, don't worry about it. It's the next story, I'm sure, it's the Nobel Prize for peace." We're stopping mass killings between Kosovo and Serbia. They've been killing each other for so many, they're going to stop killing. I said, fellas, let's get together. They'd been doing it for hundreds of years, frankly, under different names. I said, that's great. And with Israel, UAE and Bahrain signed a deal with Israel. Everybody said it couldn't be done. I said, "All right, First Lady, that's the first story on NBC, but don't worry. That's a big story. The floods are big. I see it." And then there was a second story about something. And then their third story is about something with me, I don't know, something bad they found out. Then there was a fourth and a fifth and a sixth. I said, "First Lady, I'm a little embarrassed. I thought we'd do a little better." And then they looked at the screen, and said, "Good night." And I wasn't covered. I got the Nobel Peace Prize nomination, a Peace Prize, Nobel nomination. And they didn't cover it. And then the following day I watched a certain show that does like us, and they said, "Would you believe, that they covered, and they mentioned like five subjects that were nothing. That was 18 minutes. And the Peace Prize Nobel version, zero time for President Trump. Thank you very much fake news media, we appreciate it. And when Obama got it, here are the headlines. President Obama gets the Nobel Prize. We need an honest media. The free airwaves, they lie over the free airwaves. They use them and they lie. I don't know. We're going to have to look at it. They're a bunch of scoundrels. They hate it when I say it, but you know, honestly, they are the enemy of the people. When they lie, they are the enemy of the people. You are the enemy of the people. Oh, damn it. The red lights just went off. One, two, three, there's one back there, there's one back there, probably, oh it's OAN, thank you OAN. Every time I get on this subject, they cover me not because they want to, but we get great ratings. We get ratings. These little deals that we have here, come on in folks, come on in. Look at these people. But you know what? I'll tell you what, it's true. They cover it because… But anytime I start talking about the fake news media, you see them getting a little tentative. The camera starts to shake a little bit, and you know, there's another thing. Look at this crowd. It's as far as the eye can see, it's a big crowd, right? They never cover it. I said to my wife last night, we had this incredible crowd. A lot of people, thousands and thousands. I mean like 25, 30,000, many people outside couldn't get it. It was like a sea of people. My wife said, "Was it a large crowd?" I said, "Did you watch?" "Yes. But they only show your face." And I saw people they never show. And that includes Fox, which has changed a lot, changed a lot, sad. Somebody said, "What's the biggest difference between 2016 and now?" You know what I said, "Fox." Biggest difference. Biggest difference. I don't know what's going on with them. But we have some great ones too on Fox. We surged rapid testing kits to every nursing home in America. We learned a lot, through pioneering therapies, we reduced the fatality rate by 85% since April. Think of that? 85%. We've come up with things. They're waiting to see what's coming over the next few months in terms of therapeutics, which to me is even more important than the vaccine. You go into the hospital, you make people better. You give them a shot, you do a transfusion. You make people better. They walk out, that's to me even better, but ultimately long-term, those vaccines are going to be great, and they're really working out well and it's going to be really soon. The people in certain groups are trying to hold them up as long as possible, as long as possible. They're going to try and give Sleepy Joe the credit. He doesn't even know what a… It's possible. They're going to try and get Sleepy Joe the credit. He doesn't even know what a vaccine is. Europe is almost 30% higher excess mortality than the United States. Does anyone know that? they don't report that, right? Europe? Europe's had a hard time. I'm not looking to hurt them, but they have 30% higher. Our bold and early action saved millions of lives and our decisive economic response saved tens of millions of jobs, including 1.3 million jobs, and a wonderful place called North Carolina, right? When I banned travel from China in January, Sleepy Joe Biden called it, "That's hysterical. That's xenophobic." What does that mean? Tell me what xenophobic means, Sleepy Joe. Who said that? I mean, you're my friend. Who said it? All right, what a voice. Have you ever tried opera? What a voice, did everybody hear that? That's true. I wouldn't say it. She said, "He has no idea where he is." But I would never say it. I won't say it. I won't say it. I refuse this. No, but don't underestimate him. Look, he's been doing this for 47 years, and I got a debate coming up with this guy. No, it's true. You never know, you never know. They give him a big fat shot in the ass, and he comes out, and for two hours, he's better than ever before. Problem is what happens after the … No, we're going to ask for a drug test, we are. I'd like to have a drug test. Both of us. I'll take it, he'll take. Because I watched him into debates with all those people, those Democrats. The one who treated him worst was Kamala. Actually, also, she was the one that treated, you know that, she was the one that treated him so badly. And she treated Kavanaugh very badly too. Nobody was ever ruder, nobody ever suffered, like Justice Kavanaugh suffered in the hands and the mouths of those horrible people. The way he was tortured was disgraced. And they had nothing. Those women, that was all made up. Most of them have already admitted, it was all made up lies, false accusations, and they made him suffer. And the leader of the pack I would say was, Kamala was the worst, and Pocahontas was a close second. How's Pocahontas doing, since she destroyed Bloomberg? How about Bloomberg? Did he get killed? Now he's trying to come back. He's trying to buy his way back into the Democratic Party. "I'm going to put up $100 million in Florida, we're going to go," he wants to be back so badly. Here's a guy who spent $2 billion, it's almost two billion now, they're finding out. He had some of the dumbest advisers, people I know, some of the dumbest people. If he would have just kept spending a couple of hundred million dollars a week on ads, he could have won. He could have won. Unfortunately, he said, "No, I want to debate." He went and sued to get into the debates. That was not a good lawsuit. They settled by saying, "We'll let you in the debate." The first question, he was destroyed. You would think that, the way the Democrats treated him, he would really come to me, and he'd say, "I want you," but his hatred and jealousy … He wanted to be President, but he doesn't have the capability of being President. But he's going down now to Florida, he's going to spend $100 million. How good … I have to say this, I'm not a fan of Elizabeth Warren. I gave her the name Pocahontas, I thought that was the end. Remember what I used to say about her? She has … Oh, well, you know it. You know. I would just, look, I said, "This is not an Indian." She said, "I'm an Indian." You remember what I said? "I have more Indian blood than me, I have more in me than she has, and I have none." Unfortunately, I'd like to have some. I would like to have some. I think it could help, it might make me better, but I have none. And I said, "I have more than she does." And then she went out to, and she choked, remember that? She went out, and she took a test. And it found out that about 700 years ago, there was a possible event, 1,024th, right? Wasn't that it? Good memory, very good memory. Trump has a good memory. Good moment. Not for that, but for a lot of things. Now, 1024th, which meant many, many, many centuries ago, there could have been a hookup somewhere along the line. But she choked. We forced her into a choke. She went down like a rock, and then she started coming up, up, up, up, up. Then she totally destroyed Mike Bloomberg. We call him Mini Mike. Remember? Mini Mikey wants that platform. "I want a platform, damn it." I don't mind. Oh, boy, he was pathetic, but now he's going to try and buy his way back into the Democrat party. You remember that guy? Great environmentalist. Except he made his money with coal, which is okay, I think coal is good. Clean coal, I like clean coal. If we had listened to Joe Biden, hundreds of thousands more Americans would have died. You know that. He was way behind. This was months later. And then I watch him last night, reading something saying that, I opened, I closed it up, one week later, one week. Two months later, he was talking about the fact that I shouldn't be doing that to China. I shouldn't be banning China because I was xenophobic. And it's just unbelievable. And now they will say anything. It's called disinformation. They will make up a lie, they will make up a story, and they go with it, it makes no difference whether or not it's show, and they'll take ads. It's the worst group of people. He's surrounded by bad people, dishonest people, but they're very smart. He's not smart. They keep him from talking. It's actually, if he wins, it's the single most brilliant campaign in the history of the world. Because they took a man who's got nothing. He didn't have it, but he's got nothing, and I will give them credit. The single greatest campaign in history, if he wins, but you know what? If he wins, North Carolina is screwed, and so is every place else. And you can forget your tobacco industry, you can forget your farmers. I gave the farmers $28 billion. Thank you very much, Presidency. $28 billion. Because you were targeted, right? You were targeted by China. And I said, "How much were the farmers," Iowa, Nebraska, you, all of them? You were targeted. I said, "How much?" Sonny Perdue, I said, "How much, Secretary?" 12 billion, then 16 billion, you were targeted. I took it out of the tariffs we charge. We never took 25 cents in from China, now we're getting billions and billions and billions of dollars. Sleepy Joe, that never gave, never took anything, or Trump, misjudging him? So Mexico, we're driving them a little crazy. They don't like Trump too much. But now Biden is recklessly campaigning against his vaccine. His campaign campaign's really reckless. And all it is is for political reasons. It's political reasons. Biden, his whole deal is catastrophic shutdown. We're getting better, we're really coming along, and he's talking about shutting down. We're not doing any shutdowns. We don't need shutdowns. Maybe a little area, if it's such a spike, we understand, we have to take care of our senior citizens. This guy talked, he said, "Well, I'll do whatever my medical people want. I believe in science." He doesn't know what science is. "I believe in science." No, we're not doing any shutdowns. We don't need, we're rounding the turn. Without the vaccine, we're rounding the turn. With the vaccine, it'll just speed it up. That's another one that will be controversial. They'll say, "He's saying that it's happened." Yeah, without the care, without the vaccine, it's going along. With a vaccine, even better. It'll be faster. Biden's own chief of staff said, when they manage the H1N1 that he calls the N1H1, right? He goes, "the N1H1," and that's an easy one, because H comes before, but he always gets it wrong. It's like, seven times, "It's great to be with the great people of Iowa." They'll say, "Sir, you're in Idaho." "Oh." I've never made that mistake so far. But I always say, "If you do, just leave the stage, because you can never recover." You can speak as well as, I mentioned, Winston Churchill, even though he was a great speaker, he was a stutterer, and he became one of the greatest speakers ever. You could be Winston Churchill, if you make that mistake, just leave the stage. You can't recover. But he's made it oftentimes, right, in New Hampshire, and it was Vermont. The worst, I think, I think there was one, he was in Ohio, and he said he was in Florida, right? But he couldn't find any palm trees. We just got a poll from Ohio. Through the roof. Great state of Ohio, good Governor, great state of Ohio. But when they managed the H1N1 swine flu, this was from his top person that ran it. "We did every possible thing wrong. 60 million Americans got H1N1 in that period of time. And it was just a total disaster." He basically said, "We didn't know what the hell we were doing." And this is the guy that's going to tell us what to do with something that's much more lethal, much more lethal. This is much more lethal than the swine flu. If H1N1 had the same fatality rate as the China virus, over two million people would have already perished. They didn't know what the hell they were doing. And the guy admitted it. That guy can not be very popular in Democrat politics right there. But just to remember, and he's telling us how to do things. We're building ventilators, we're the ventilator capital of the world now, think of it. We're sending them to other countries, we have so many. And we have made a lot of Governors look very good. And they all admit it, until the press comes in front, where they say, "Oh, he was okay," but we took care of them. We took care of Governors, we took care of the states. On November 3rd, North Carolina will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity, or whether we allow Joe Biden to impose a $4 trillion tax hike, ban American energy, confiscate your guns. These are all things that he said. Shut down our economy, destroy the suburbs. They were saying that women in the suburbs, they're not sure if they like me. They're starting to like me a lot lately, because it's law and order. They want law and order. Thank you. A suburbanite, thank you, thank you. No, it's true. I don't know. But I heard the same thing four years ago, remember? " Women will not vote for him." Then we win the election, it's like, they're all in shock. Well, what took place? "Well, he did very well with women," what the hell was that all about, right? Did very well. Women were great. Now, if it holds true … There a lot of jobs, a lot of jobs, a lot of great thinking, but he wants to give free healthcare to illegal aliens. Now, what that's going to do is destroy our country, because two things happen. Number one, we can't afford it. Number two, everybody is going to come pouring into our country if you do that. Right now, they're saying, wherever they are, when you say, "We're going to give you free education, we're going to give you free healthcare. We're going to take care of you. Everything's going to be perfect. We're going to give you, every single family," now watch, they'll print this. "We've checked it out, and he lied about this." Every single family is going to be given a brand new Silver Cloud Rolls Royce. Now, I said that, and CNN went, "He lied about the fact that they're not getting a Rolls Royce." Remember what I said? " Russia, if you're listening," in front of this message, "Russia, if you're listening, find out where her e-mails," or whatever. And then, everybody laughed, I laughed. Well, they actually play it all the time. "When he spoke to Russia." Do you ever see it? And they cut it off before the end, they don't see any, I said, "Russia, if you're listening …" Oh, these people are sick. He wants to erase your borders. Yeah, that was supposed to be a joke, right? It was a joke. It was a joke, everybody was laughing, but they refused to go that extra quarter of a second. He wants to indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies in education. To combat the toxic left wing propaganda in our schools, I am launching a new pro-American lesson plan for students called, 1776 Commission. It's already done. That's good. And it's true, your kids come home, and they tell you things. How many of you, the kids come home, and they tell you things. It's a disgrace, what they're teaching them, it's a disgrace. We're ending it. In fact, we're taking school funds away from these crazy schools that are teaching horrible things, bad things, actually. We will teach our children the truth about America, that we are the most exceptional nation on the face of the earth. And we are getting better every single day. And no party can lead America, that will not teach our children to love America. No party can do that. The sleepy campaign has joined forces with those trying to tear down America and our way of life. We have a great way of life, and getting better all the time. Look at what we've done. Biden's running mate urged supporters to help bail rioters out of jail, including one who attempted murder. That's right. One who attempted to murder a police officer, and a man accused of sexually assaulting an eight-year-old girl, 13 members of Biden's staff donated to the same fund. Look, that's where they're coming from, just so you know. He's trying to go a little bit more right, like the fracking. "Oh, well of course, we're going to have …" For six months, he's saying, there'll be no fracking, which I don't think the people in Pennsylvania thrilled with, do you agree, considering that your taxes could quadruple. I tell it all the time, Texas, right? Texas, they like oil. They like guns, right, in Texas. Right? And they like God. So he comes out with a platform, no oil. We don't want oil. This is during the Democrat deal. There'll be no oil, there'll be no God, there'll be no guns. This is not a good campaign. And then the fake news says, "Donald Trump is tied in Texas." I'm tied. Last time I was tied in Texas until the day of the vote. Then they announced, the second they called it, "The polls in Texas have closed. Donald Trump has won the state of Texas." Think of it. He's against oil. He's against guns. They're going to confiscate your guns, Second Amendment's going to be destroyed. I am holding up your Second Amendment. If it's not me, look what I've done. You think it's been easy? They want to get rid of the Second Amendment. They're going to get rid of the guns, right? And religion. So, look what they're doing to religion. These states, everything's closed, except, you're allowed to protest. That's why I say everything we do is a protest. Look at all those people back there, look at that. Look it, they just form. Wow. Turn the cameras around, please. They never do it. Turn the cameras around, please. Wow. Thank you. That's a lot of people. We're proud of you. That's a lot of people. You ever notice, they never do it, though. I say, "Turn the camera." Right from the beginning, they never did. They don't want to give us the credit for these big crowds, because you know what? When you see crowds like this, or in Wisconsin, that I had a few nights ago, or last night was so incredible. What we had last night was just incredible, in Minnesota. We're going to win it, 1972, we're going to win it. 1972, it hasn't … That's a long time ago. Remember? I think Reagan won every state except for Minnesota. We're going to win Minnesota. What we've done for them, we've opened up their livelihood again. Maine. How about Maine? I opened up 5,000 square miles of ocean. Obama closed it. They said, "Why? He had no idea." Right off their shore, no fishing, no nothing. They called it a monument, right? Right off their shore. Maine, I mean, if I don't win Maine … Maine traditionally is not really very Republican, but I won Maine too last time, actually. Because I love Maine, too. I love Maine, too. But think of what I did. I opened the waters up for fishermen and for lobster men and women. Now they go lobster fishing and fishing. But 5, 000, I said, "Why did they close it?" Nobody was able to tell me, but I opened it up, an executive order. I totally opened it up. I did many other things. Then I got the tariffs. They couldn't do business in European Union, they couldn't do business in China, because they were charging tariffs to Maine. So Canada would take our fish and lobster. We'd sell it to Canada for nothing, and they'd sell it to China and Europe, because they didn't have to pay tariffs. Not only did I get the 5,000 … Think of what, 5,000 square miles. So you take one mile, square mile, multiply times 5,000. That's a big area, even in an ocean, right? It's massive. And it was the best area, the best. I got rid of the tariffs. I told them, "If you tariff our Maine lobster people, and fishermen and women, if you want a tariff on them, that's okay, but we're going to tariff your cars, okay?" Which is a much bigger deal. It was amazing how quickly those tariffs were taken off. I did that off of Maine, I did that in two weeks, okay? Took me two weeks. Once I found out about it, it's hard to believe it ever happened. So I did that for Maine. And somebody said, I'm down in Maine. How the hell can I be down in Maine, after what I did? I'll tell you what if I do that from Maine, and if Maine doesn't vote for Trump. I don't think I'm going back, okay? I can tell you one thing. Their Senator never did it for them. Joe Biden and the Democrats want to gut police departments nationwide. You know that, right? Here in North Carolina, nearly 50 Democrat State House members and candidates have signed a pledge to slash police funding, endangering your families. I was recently honored to be endorsed by 54 sheriffs throughout this state, and we're joined by many of them tonight. Where are they? Thank you, Sheriff. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, folks. Thank you. Thank you. You got to take care of our law enforcement. We got to take care, nobody can do the job like them. We have to let them do their job. We've got to stop this nonsense, this child's play, we've got to stop, they're great. You know, I was endorsed by, think of this, New York's finest. It's very tough. You know, de Blasio's your mayor, he doesn't have a clue what's happening, either. I think Sleepy Joe's worse, do you want to know the truth? Because this other guy has just an ideology that's just terrible. But de Blasio is there, and New York's finest, first time they've ever endorsed a Presidential candidate, they endorsed me, three weeks ago. That takes courage. Think of it. Chicago, the police in Chicago, they could do their job. We don't even have to bring in the National Guard. Whenever we do, it takes about 30 minutes, it's over, right? Like we did in Minneapolis, 30 minutes. Remember that beautiful scene? They lined up, they went down, there was no social distancing in between these great, tough guys. There was no social distancing, Tom Tillis. They went down and they had $250,000 outfits. They had more crap on that helmet with night goggles. And these guys were sort of wise guys, right? They were shouting at them, screaming at them. They were screaming at the wrong people. They went down, they never had to stop. It was just forward. It all ended. It all ended in Minneapolis. It took, you also had, what? A half an hour? Remember, they hit the CNN reporter in the knee? He went down, Ali Velshi. He said, "This is a friendly protest. It's wonderful to see such a …" Behind him, it was all fire for a block. It looked like Berlin during the war. "This is a friendly …" What are they doing? How does that help to be like that? How does that help? We're joined tonight by some really great friends of mine and some warriors that have been a fantastic help to me. One man who, especially over the last year, he has been so great, he couldn't be better. And I think he's doing very well. I'm looking at some numbers, and you're doing very well. And I think your opponent has some very big problems. Senator Tom Tillis. Thank you, Tom. Thank you. He's been great, smart guy. And he's got a couple of bills that he's putting in, one in particular, I love it. You got to do it. That if a sanctuary city causes problems, you can sue the sanctuary city, you can sue. Will you get, we got to get that one moving, right? That's moving along, right? That's a great one. A man who, I just did a phone call for the other night, and the people love him. He's in a rough district, but he's now leading. I see you're up in the polls, Congressman Richard Hudson, great guy. Where's Richard? Great guy. He's a warrior. And two people I really liked, because we fought like hell for them a year ago, right? And they had guts, and they had what it takes. They didn't choke. You know, a lot of people choke. They choke, they gag, they can't breathe. Greg Murphy and Dan Bishop, they didn't choke, they're fantastic. They are fantastic people. Thank you. Look, they're friends. We're friends. Those two guys were incredible. Thank you very much, great job. Really great job. And a man that should be your Governor, I don't know, he's doing well, but Lieutenant Governor, Dan Forest, everybody. Thank you very much, great job. Handsome guy, handsome. Looks like Cary Grant. I hear you're doing really well. Look, I mean, this guy's got this state totally closed down. It's ridiculous. It's, when are they going to open? When are they going to open? Dan, this would have been opened up a long time ago. And you would have done even better. I mean, you would have done better. And North Carolina Republican Party Chair, Michael Whatley. Michael? Thank you, Michael. Great job, Michael. How are we doing, Michael? How's it going? Are we up? I mean, if I lose North Carolina, I'm getting out of here. This is not … Look at that. This is not, just so you know, the crowd of a man that's coming in second. I say it all the time. I said it when I left Michigan. 2016, the night of the election, we had 32,000 people. Hillary was there, just before me, in a prime location. She had about 400 people. I got there at 12 in the evening, I started speaking at one in the morning, it's now Election Day, and I left. 32,000 people, we had 32,000 people. So it's now Election Day. I start speaking, I started speaking, think of it, one o'clock in the morning, we had 30, you never saw anything like it. I left. I said, "That doesn't look like we're going to lose Michigan." And guess what? We didn't. We won Michigan, first time in decades. And you know what we've done? Many, many car plants are now opening up. A great gentleman, who's just retiring, Prime Minister Abe, of Japan. I said, "Shinzo, please do me a favor. We need more car companies. You're selling cars into our country, please. We want to build here, not in Japan, please." He said, "But we cannot do that. This is a free enterprise system." I said, "I know, Shinzo, please. I need some car companies. Please do it." "I can't do it." I said, "Shinzo, you have to do it." Next day, it was a story, "Five car companies to open up in Michigan," right? So much for free enterprise, but he's a great guy, he's a friend of mine. He's great. They're lucky he's a friend of mine. I would have been much tougher. It's hard. When a guy is a friend, it's hard, but they did a lot. They did a lot. They helped it a lot. And what they've done here, by the way, Japan, and what they've done in Michigan, Ohio, what they've done? By the way, we all love South Carolina, right, right? I think we love it. Now, South Carolina, we're winning here, but South Carolina, I hate to say this to you, I don't want to make you upset. We're winning by about 400 points. I spoke to a great person in South Carolina who said, "Sir, you don't have to come here. This thing's up by a lot." What the hell is the difference, right? I mean, we are up, and we're up good, but I'd love you to tie South Carolina. What do we have to do? But a lot of activity in South Carolina also, they're doing great. You had the best year you've ever had. They've had the best year they ever had. And you're going to go to a better year, we are going to have a better year. We're also deeply honored to be joined by a military spouse, Amy Williams, who was reunited with her husband, Sergeant First Class Townsend Williams, at my State of the Union address. Everybody remembers that. Everybody remembers was there. Good, you're looking well. Thank you very much. Say hello to the whole family. Thank you. Thanks to the incredible sacrifices of our warriors, and they are warriors. We're pursuing peace in Afghanistan, it's very close. We're down to, we will soon be down to 4,000 soldiers. We're taking them out. They're serving as policemen. They're serving as police, and they've done a great job. We could win everything, but I'm not looking to kill three million people to win, what? To win what? We should have never been in the Middle East, and we're bringing them back. We're bringing them back, just so you know, we're bringing them back from Iraq. We're down to 2,000 soldiers in Iraq. And in Syria, we're all back, we're all finished, except for one thing. If it's okay with you. I decided to keep the oil. We took the oil, we kept it. And we'll always support America's incredible military families. So thank you very much. Thank you, darling. Really good. Okay. In everything we do, we're putting America first, unlike other administrations, and not just Obama and Biden. This has gone on for many years. We put America first, and that's what we're doing. And you know what? Other countries, for the first time in decades, respect us again. Remember that. They respect us again. You know all about data, 28 countries. We had six countries that were current, and the amount of current is too low, okay? Six countries. I went in, and I said, "You got to pay. Sorry, you're delinquent." They said, "Really?" "Yeah," I said. "You're delinquent. You got to pay." Obama would go, and make a speech and leave, that would be it. We were paying for it. We're protecting Europe, and they're screwing us on trade. So we protect them, and they're screwing us on trade. No good, no good. Can't do it. I said, "It's unfair." And the Secretary General, Stoltenberg, of NATO, said, "I've never seen," and the fake news can call him up and check. He said, "He's the greatest that we've ever seen." For 20 years, the spending at NATO went like this, right? And America, we pick it up. Every time it goes down, they didn't pay. And I said, "We're supposed to protect you. You're going to be attacked by Russia or somebody, we're supposed to protect you. And yet you're delinquent. You don't pay your bills." And that includes Germany. They're paying 1%, they're supposed to pay two, and 2% is way too low. 2% military spending. So we got, listen to this. It never gets reported by these fakers. We got $130 million more, more, not total, more, going to, over three years, $400 billion. So we're going from 130 billion, with a B, not million, to $400 billion. And they said to me, they said … And they said to me, they said to me, very nice guy, head of one of the countries, at a table. I can't believe it never got released, but now we can talk about it, because it's three years ago. But they said, "Sir … " And this was a big private meeting of all of the nations, "Does that mean if we don't … " Because I said, "You got to pay your bills. We're protecting you. You're not paying your bills." Some did, like Poland and some others, but most didn't. Six to eight were current, and we were paying much more than we should have been paying, much more. I mean, it's Europe. We got to defend ourself, and there was no guarantee that they'd help us if we ever had a problem. Right? We're never going to have a problem. We got so much stuff now. We were depleted. Now we have great … But they said to me, "Does this mean … " And I had to give this answer. I can't believe it didn't get leaked by some sleazebag. We have leakers all over this place, but a lot of it didn't leak. A lot of it is just made up by the newspapers. They make up phony stories. They say, "Donald Trump woke up today. He was in a very bad mood, according to sources." There is no source. They just made it up. Hey, I woke up, and I was in a bad mood. True. I've actually had a … I've been in a good mood, because we're doing so much for our country. We've done so much for our country. But at the NATO meeting, one of the presidents of one of the good countries, all good, they said, "Sir, does this mean that if we don't pay, does this mean that you're going to leave, and you're not going to protect us?" I said, "Yes. That's what it means. I'm sorry." It was an amazing effect, because other presidents said, "No. We will always protect you. We will always protect you, even if you don't pay, even if our taxpayer is paying for everything, even though you take advantage of us on trade, you don't let our cars in, you don't let our stuff in, but you sell us like crazy, even though you tariff our product, even though you do everything, and then you take advantage of us with the military." They said, "We will always protect you." So they didn't pay. Why the hell would they pay? They said, "Boy, these guys are stupid." So they asked me the question, "Does this mean, sir, that you will not protect us anymore if we don't pay?" I said, "I'm sorry to say, it does." That's a big story. Three years ago, it's a big story. It was amazing how the money came in. So we took in 130 billion a year, going over a three-year period, to 400, just because I asked. Right? Just because I asked. True. They don't report that story. Then we got lightweights that I fired, and they write books about me, that I'm a bad guy, "Oh, he's a terrible guy. He treats our allies so badly." No. Our allies treat us badly. Our allies in many ways treat us worse than our enemies. I must be honest with you. They take advantage of us. Everyone takes advantage of your country, and we don't put up with it. And you know what the funny thing? We get along better now, because they respect us again. Before, they thought we were stupid. They respect us again. They do. I mean, look at Israel, look what we did. I saw Kerry this other day. Is this guy the worst negotiator? Gave Iran 150 billion, plus 1.8 billion in cash. He never walked. Sometimes in a negotiation, when you've given everything, and you can't give anymore, and then they want more, you get up ane walk. Remember the bicycle accident? That was the only time he had to ride his bicycle in a race. 73 years old. "I promise," I said, "I will never ever … I promise to you, ride a bicycle in a race, or any other time frankly." I will never ride a bicycle during a negotiation. And he broke his leg, and his arm, and he was all screwed up. And that was actually a good thing, because it delayed the signing of that horrible deal, which I terminated. Nah, we had some terrible negotiators, and they all said, I saw them the other day, this was him like a year ago, "Mark my words, you will never ever sign deals with Arab countries, with Israel. It can't be done." Well, we just signed the two great ones, and we got about seven more that want to come in. What a bunch, what a bunch. And then they say bad things about your president. They don't like my foreign policy. I like my foreign policy. You like it. No, we were taken advantage of by the whole world. They're so stupid, so stupid. We've spent the last four years reversing the damage that Biden and his crew inflicted on us over a 47-year period. Joe Biden is weak. He's supported every globalist sellout of North Carolina, the workers, what he's done. And when I say, "him", it's him and people in his little group that … You've achieved so much over a period of time. He sold it out. Look at NAFTA. How bad was NAFTA? China's entry into the World Trade Organization. TPP would have destroyed our car industry. And of course, he joined and wanted to join the Paris Climate Accord. That's another beauty. That would have cost you trillions and trillions of dollars. That was actually, I think, designed to put us out of business, literally. Biden has repeatedly surrendered your jobs to China and other countries. This state lost 43% of all manufacturing jobs after the NAFTA and China disasters. You know that. You lost 43%, but I think the real number is 61%, by the way. Biden says that this an election between Scranton and Park Avenue. By the way, he left Scranton. He likes to say, "I was born in Pennsylvania." But he doesn't say he left. His father left. Not his fault, but they make it like he's … No, he went to Delaware. He doesn't leave Delaware, that I can tell you. Every time I see this guy … Wilmington, Delaware. Does he ever leave? I'm in Los Angeles. I'm trying to work on the fires. They ought to do some forest management a little bit maybe. Ridiculous. The floors of the forest, it's got 20 years of leaves and trees that are dry as a bone, matchsticks. Forest management. Naturally, this is an election, not between Scranton or wherever it is. It's really between Scranton and China, you know that, Scranton and China. I'm with America. Biden is with China. If Biden wins, China wins. If we win, America wins, North Carolina wins, Pennsylvania wins, and the American workers win in every single state. To save our auto industry, I withdrew from this horrible, horrible deal, Trans-Pacific Partnership. Earlier this year, I kept my promise to North Carolina when I ended the NAFTA nightmare. You got hit so hard. All those empty buildings all over the place, but a lot of them now are filled up because of us. They filled up. When did they fill up? Over the last three-and-a-half years. I proudly signed a brand new US-Mexico-Canada agreement into law, which will bring hundreds of thousands of high paying jobs back to the United States, and it's already doing. We invested $2.5 trillion in the US military. Defense spending in North Carolina has soared by more than $1 billion a year. Congratulations, good job. We launched the first new branch of the US Armed Forces. This by itself would be a big achievement. This is one of so many different things, Right to Try, the military, the vets, everything. We've done so much, but we … 75 years, right? Last one was the Air Force. The Army, the Navy, the Air Force, the Marines, the Coast Guard, they're so good. We have another one now, for 75 years, Space Force. We need it. I never even promised that. Right? One of them said recently that, "He's actually done more than he promised in the campaign." That means I'm probably the only politician in history. They will tell you, these incredible women up here from North Carolina. Stand up. Will you, please? These are most incredible people. Thank you. Stand up. Turn around for the cameras, so they can see how incredible you are. Thank you. Man, oh, man. What a life. But we took care of the VA with Veterans Choice. You saw that. What Obama was nothing. It wasn't working, the MISSION Act. That's amazing. And accountability, where we can fire people in the VA that aren't taking great care of our vets, okay? "You're fired. Get out. You're fired. Out." We killed the founder and leader of ISIS, al-Baghdad. We took out the worlds number-one terrorist and the mass murder of American troops and many others, Qasem Soleimani. He's dead. He's dead. I withdrew from last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal. I kept my promise, recognized the true capitol of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. And we got it built. I was signing a sheet of paper, you've heard this story, $1.1 billion. I said, "What's this for?" They said, "Sir, now that you've moved, we're going to build an embassy in Israel, in Jerusalem." I say, "How much is it?" "1.1 billion." You got some friends of mine here, they're builders. You don't spend 1.1 billion on a one-story building. I don't know what's going on. So I said, "So, does it have to cost so much?" "Yes, sir. We're buying land" So I called David Friedman. He's our ambassador, he's one of the most successful lawyers in New York. He's a brilliant guy. He loves Israel. Right? Love Israel. I call him. He's the ambassador, he's there. I said, "David, they want to spend 1.1 billion on a damn one-story embassy. It's crazy." I said, "Would you take a look? Maybe we own some land." We own a lot of land. We've been there a long time. Calls me back. He said, "Let me take a look at it, sir." He calls me the next day. "Sir, we have a great piece of land, a much better location that we were going to way overpay for, a much bigger piece. We have a setback building that we can renovate and make it great." I said, "That's fantastic, David. How much will it cost to renovate the building?" "I think we can do it for $190,000." So I said, "David," it's the first time I've ever done it. I said, "David, it's too cheap. You got to spend more than that." So a friend of mine, Ron Baron, he's got an office building, and he's got Jerusalem stone facing the elevators in this high-rise building, Jerusalem stone. And every time I go in, he goes, "Oh, you got to see Jerusalem stone." And he paid a fortune for it. He's so proud of it. He doesn't talk about anything but his Jerusalem stone. I said, "David, do me a favor. You're I Jerusalem. Right?" "Yes." "Do they have Jerusalem stone?" "They got so much, we don't know what to do with it." I said, "Use all Jerusalem stone when you're rebuilding the building, when you do your renovation. Everything, wrap it in Jerusalem stone." So I think we ended up spending, to fix up the building, like $500,000. Can you believe it? We were going to spend 1.1 billion, and by the way, it would never get built. It wouldn't be built in 20 years from now. And they like it so much, they gave up the plan. They think this is better. It's a better location, it's probably a better building. But I could tell you stories like that all night long, the aircraft carriers that cost 10 times more than they should cost, and then they use the electric catapults. You've heard that. Right? They don't want to use steam. Why? Because it's too simple, because it works, because it's better. So they go to electric catapults that they're working on for years now. Elevators that are operated my magnets instead of hydraulic. Magnets. It sounds good. Trust me, it doesn't work. One little glass of water. We're in the ocean. One little glass of water, boom, those magnets are gone. I could have told them that. I actually asked the architect, " Have you ever built a ship before?" It's unbelievable. You heard the story last night about Air Force One. It saved a lot of money. I said to Boeing, "No. It's got to have a three in front of it." They were going to buy Air Force One, 5.7 billion. It's a lot of money, but look, it's a helluva a deal. It's a helluva a plane. What can I tell you. I said, "How much is the new plane?" It was signed by Obama. "5.7 billion, sir." I said, "That's a lot of money." It's actually two planes. Air Force One is two planes. I'll give you a little. They're going to say, "That's classified information." Well, they've been flying around with two planes for 30 years, so I assume somebody knows. And our Air Force One is 31 years old. Right? So, look, it's time. A lot of the Arab sheiks come in. I see their plane. They have a brand new one. I say, "What do we have?" 31 years, and we're protecting them. Why the hell don't we have a new one? So they finally had, at 31 years old. The new one is totally different, 747. It's much longer, bigger wingspan, much more beautiful. It's modern, it's beautiful. 5.7 billion. So I said to the head of Boeing, nice guy, Dennis, this was before they had their difficulty, which is terrible what happened to them, but I said to him, "Dennis, I'm not going to spend $5.7 billion on a plane. I'm not going to do it. I won't do it. It's too much." I said last night, I told this story, first time, I said, "It's got to have a three on it." He said, "We can't do it. No." He called me up the following day, "We'll take 200 million off." Somebody said, "Well, what are you losing?" I said, "Nothing. In fact, we're gaining a generator." And I said, "You got to build an extra generator." He said, "We'll take 200 million off." I said, "Nope." I said to the general in charge, I said, "General, can we break the deal?" "Yes, sir, we can. We have a cancellation clause." "Good. General, execute your cancellation clause. We're not going to buy it. I'm not going to pay $5.7 billion for Air Force One. I'm not doing it." He said, "Yes, sir. I'm very proud of this clause." "Why? Why?" "Because we have the right to cancel." "Well, do we have to pay anything?" "Yes, sir, $250 million." I said, "General, don't cancel it. Take it back. Just tell them we don't like the plane. Okay?" And I couldn't even say, "I'm going to buy it from Europe." The only competitor is Europe. I can't say, "We'll buy it from Europe." No, that doesn't work out to well. So I said, "Don't do it. I don't want to send them a check." 250 million for nothing. Right? We don't want to do it. So I said, "Just tell them, "We don't like it. The price is too high. We're not going to buy it." But don't send anything, don't put it in writing. Please, general." "Yes, sir." "Thank you." So about a week later, the head of Boeing called me up. He said, "Look, we can get it down, but you're asking for too much." I said, "You don't understand. It has to have a three on it, not a four, but three." So another months goes by. I forgot about it. I get a call from Boeing, "Would 3.9 billion be okay?" I said, "Yes, that's okay. It's got a three on it." True. True story. True story, and then somebody said … it's true though, somebody said, "Well, it must be a different plane." Yeah. I said, "Yeah, we have a much nicer paint job." We have a much nicer paint job, you know that, and it actually got an extra generator put on. Okay? So it's actually more. They said, "well, we could use an extra generator." I said, "Is there anything else you need?" They said, "Sir, we could use an extra generator." I said, "We'll get it for you, we'll get it." So I had it included in the price. These people know exactly what I'm talking about. It's called included in the price. But think of it, there's hundreds of deals like that. But you're one person, and that's why I got Mark Meadows involved, because he's from North Carolina. He's from North Carolina, and he's cheap as hell. I need some cheap people. Oh, there's many, hundreds and hundreds of stories. I could tell you so much. It's crazy. The Biden agenda would collapse our economy and destroy your country. It would destroy your Social Security and protections for preexisting conditions, it will. He's going to drain your Medicare by giving away our healthcare to illegal immigrants. And I will tell you this, you're going to have socialized medicine. That's as sure as you're there. And Obama lied 28 times when he said you can keep your doctor, you can keep your plan. It was a lie. Said it 28 times, that we have, but it was a lie. But now you're really losing your doctor. You're going to have socialized medicine. Eliminate private healthcare insurance for 180 million Americans who love their healthcare. They have the best in the world. His running mate sponsored the socialist takeover of healthcare. You saw that. He wants to ban private insurance. You're going to lose … 180 million people are going to lose their healthcare under this Biden character, and he has no clue. They're going to take it away from him. They're going to be running him ragged. "Sign this. Sign this." "Okay. What is it?" "Doesn't matter. Just sign it, President, right now." "I'm getting tired. I'd like to rest, I'd like to let Kamala take over as president." That's no way to get into the office, because we're going to have a woman president someday, but you know what? It can't be Kamala. Kamala. Nobody treated him worse, and he picked her. I'll tell you, I was … brilliant forecast. He could never pick her. She called him a racist. Right? She talked about Me Too-ing him. He was going to be Me Too-ed. Right? Me-Too-ed. A lot of bad things. There was nobody. Think of it, even Pocahontas treated him better. She knocked the hell out of Bloomberg, but she left him sort of alone. I think she felt sorry for him. I heard she felt sorry for him. I don't want people to feel sorry for our president. I want other people, really, to feel sorry for themselves, because we have somebody that knows what they're doing. We can't have it. We can joke, we can play games, we can have fun. You can't have this guy as your president. You can't have him. Maybe I'll sign an executive order. You cannot have him as your president. No, but you know this. Everybody knows this. And you know what? People are going to vote for him because they feel sorry for him. I feel sorry for him too. I feel sorry for him. And maybe he'll show up for an hour-and-a-half at a debate. Who the hell knows? I don't know. But you know. You see the condition he's in. You can't have him as your president. And you know what? You can't have her as your vice president, potentially going to be president. And that's why they're pushing so hard, because they know he's going to be out very soon, and she's going to take over. And she is the furthest left person of anybody. She is rated, not by me, she is rated further left than even Bernie Sanders. Okay? He's second, she's first. We will hire more police. Thank you, sheriffs. Thank you, sheriffs. I love the sheriffs. We got the endorsement from all the sheriffs in Florida, everybody up in Ohio and Texas. We have the stuff, nobody's ever seen anything like it, the endorsements from law enforcement. We're going to increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement. We will ban deadly sanctuary cities. We will defeat everybody that we have to, including the virus, but we will defend the dignity of work, and we will defend the sanctity of life. We will uphold religious liberty, free speech and the right to keep and bear arms. We will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens, and we will keep … You know this, right? It's okay, right? We will keep America out of these ridiculous foreign wars. We will maintain American's unrivaled military might, and we will ensure peace through strength. It's about time. We will end surprise medical bills, require price transparency, and further reduce health insurance premiums and the cost of prescription drugs, which we're doing an unbelievable job on, other than the fact that the drug companies are spending a fortune, because they don't like me much. You will see drug prices, prescription drugs, dropping 50, 60, 70% in a very short period of time. Favored nations clauses. We will strongly protect Medicare and Social Security, and we will always protect patients with preexisting conditions. America will land the first woman on the moon, and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars. You have to see what we've done with NASA. We'll be the first one on Mars, I hope. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriot education to our schools, patriotic education. We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history and always respect our great American flag. And we will live by the timeless words of our national motto, and we will never change it, by the way. We will never change it. They took the word, "God", out of the Pledge of Allegiance twice. I said, "Did they make a mistake." Did they make a mistake. They didn't for them. They made a mistake for us. We're not going to put up with it. But we will keep, "In God we trust." For years, you had a president who apologized for America. Now you have a president who is standing up for America and standing up for the great people of North Carolina. This is the most important election we've ever had. Remember it. We're going to be a socialist country. We're going to be a communist country. These people are further … they're much further left than socialism. These people are sick. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your coworkers, and get out and vote. Get out and vote. And watch to make sure they're not cheating, which they will be. Early voting has already begun. Don't wait. Get out and vote. We got to win this. If we win this state, we're going to win the whole thing. This is a very important state. If we win North Carolina, we're going to win the whole thing, because we're doing well everywhere, from Wilmington to Charlotte, from Concord to Raleigh, and from Greensboro to right here in Fayetteville. We inherit the legacy of generations of North Carolina patriots, who gave their blood, sweat and tears for this beloved nation. Proud citizens like you, helped build this country. And together, we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people. With your help, with your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. You hear that, General? We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And together, with the incredible people of North Carolina, we will make America wealthy again, we will America strong again, we will make America proud again. We will America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you very much. Get out and vote, vote, vote, vote.
We brought you a lot of car plants, Michigan. We brought you a lot of car plants. You know that, right? Long time, it's been a long time since you had all these plants being built, but we brought you a lot over the last three and a half years, and we're going to bring you a lot more. That's happening. Hello, Michigan and I'm thrilled to be in Freeland with thousands of loyal, hardworking American patriots. Fifty-four days from now, we're going to win Michigan, and we're going to win four more years in the White House. This is the most important election in the history of our country. Joe Biden devoted his career to offshoring Michigan's jobs, outsourcing- We shouldn't be smiling about it, but we've changed it around. Outsourcing Michigan's factories, throwing open your borders, dragging us into endless foreign wars and surrendering our children's future to China and other far away lands. Biden supported every disastrous globalist sellout for over a half a century, including NAFTA, China, and DPP. You know that. Joe Biden surrendered your jobs to China and now he wants to surrender our country to the violent left wing mob and you're seeing that every night. If Biden wins, China wins. If Biden wins, the mob wins. If Biden wins, the rioters, anarchist, arsonist and flag burners win. But I wouldn't worry about it because he's not winning. I don't think he's winning. This is not the crowd of a person who comes in second place. You do know that. The same thing happened four years ago. It was election eve but by the time I got here, it was late. Some of you are in that audience at one o'clock in the morning now election day. We had 32,000 people show up and the reason I went is that I heard that crooked Hillary Clinton, Bill Clinton and Barack Hussein Obama were traveling to Michigan because they heard they had problems. They were supposed to win Michigan, but they did such a lousy job that they had to come and get some votes. They came and I heard about it. They said, "Sir, could you do it?" I hopped in the plane. We landed at 12 o'clock in the evening. I started speaking at one o'clock in the morning now election day. 32,000 people. She had 500 people. I said, "Why are we going to lose Michigan?" And we didn't. And we didn't. First time in a long time, but now we're up in the polls. We just saw polls. We're up in Michigan. I don't know if that's good or bad. I don't know. I don't know if that's good or bad because in all those polls where we were down last time, we won. So maybe we're better off being down a little bit. Hello, John James. I see you handsome guy. John James, get out and vote for John. I'm going to introduce you in a second John James. What a job you've done. I have to tell you, he took, I saw this group of people that were running, all nice people, three very rich people and one guy that was John James and I saw them all. Right? I saw them all and I said, "Wait." With the wonderful invention of TiVo, one of the greats, you can play it back. I said, "Who was that?" He said, "I don't know, sir." I said, "Play it back." I said, "That man is going to be a star." It was John James. That was in the Republican primary. After learning about him with his incredible career and helicopter, and he's a great, and actually a great flyer I heard the other day, a great one, a really good one as opposed to those that aren't so good, but his incredible background and education at West Point and all of the things he did. I said, "This guy" and I endorsed him and he went like a rocket ship. Frankly, if he had a little more support, he would have won the last time. This time, I hear you're even, and maybe even ahead, and we're going to win with John James. He's a great guy, but I'm going to introduce him in a second. I'm running for reelection to keep jobs in Michigan. We have got a lot of … Last year before the China plague came in, we have the China plague. Thank you China very much. Should have never let that happen. They should have never, ever let it happen. They stopped it from going into China, but they didn't stop it from coming out here and coming into the US, in Europe and the rest of the world, 188 countries. But it is what it is and we're not happy about it and we're going to remember it. We're going to remember it, but we had in Michigan and in the country, the greatest economy in the history of the world, there has never been an economy. Now, we're building it again and it's being built fast. By the way, it's turning out to be John, a super V. No more V. Now it's starting out to be a super V, but to put violent criminals behind bars and to ensure the future belongs to America, not to China, because if we win, America wins and that's what it's about. If we win, America wins. Not only does Joe Biden want to eliminate your jobs, he wants to eliminate your borders. He's promised to flood your state with refugees. You know that as well as I do. You see it all the time. From terrorist hotspots around the world, including Syria, Somalia, and Yemen, Biden's pledged to have a 700% increase. He made this deal with crazy Bernie, a 700% increase in the flow of refugees. So, he wants to lift it up by 700%. This is in their manifesto. He's also pledged to terminate all national security travel bans, overwhelming your state with poorly vetted migrants from jihadist regions. Making matters worse, he would open the flood gates in the middle of a pandemic. By the way, the wall, it's over 311 miles long right now doing very well. Doing very well. Make the mic louder, the mic louder. Biden is waging war against the American middle class. I think most of you are not middle class. You're upper class. You're the elite. You know the way they talk about the elite, the elite, they're really elite. I see them. They're not elite. You're the elite. The elite has decided. Boy, have we hurt the elite, haven't we now? You're the super elite. The left wants to get rid of me so they can come after you. It's very simple. Over the last three and a half years, we've secured America's borders, blocked the entry of foreign terrorist, fixed our disastrous trade deals and we have fixed our trade deals good. They are good. In fact, Biden was interviewed today on … There they are. CNN. No, he was just interviewed today. He was interviewed by Jake Tapper who I find to be a nice guy. I don't think he likes me too much, but that's okay. He was interviewed on CNN and they said, "Which is better, NAFTA or the USMCA?" He said, "No, no, the USMCA." Tapper goes, "What?" Couldn't believe it. He said USMCA. He made a mistake. From his perspective, he made a mistake because he doesn't know what's going on. Even though he's right, he doesn't know. There were a little surprised to hear that. They gave him a few chances. Let's ask that question again, but we brought back our manufacturing jobs. We rebuilt the awesome power of the US military. We obliterated the ISIS caliphate and built the greatest economy in the history of the world. Now, we are doing it again bigger and better than ever before. Before the end of the year, we will have a safe and effective vaccine and we will defeat the China virus. I have a feeling … By the way, I think the vaccine is going to come very soon, going to come very soon. With it or without it, we're rounding the turn. You see what's happening. You see the numbers are plunging. You see how good we're doing relative to other countries and other parts of the world, but the fake news doesn't like saying that. They don't like telling you that. Next year, unless you have somebody that's going to quadruple your taxes, raise your taxes, raise up all of those regulations that we cut, next year will be one of the greatest years of the history of our country. At no time before has there been a clearer choice between two parties, two visions, two philosophies, and two agendas for the future. There's never been a vision like this. You have sleepy Joe and you have Trump. Sleepy Joe, he's a beauty. He's a beauty. He's a beauty. I watched the Democrat debates, right? I watched them up there and he was so bad. I said, "There's no way he makes it." It's sad, isn't it? The first lady actually came in and one time she watched it and she goes, and she's a nice person. She meant this really, me, I view it differently. But she looked at, she watched the debate and she watched Joe and she said, "Darling, it's so sad." This was early on. This is the guy I'm running against. It's so sad. Darling, it's so sad. But we got them. Joe Biden has put forward the most extreme platform and it's not him. He doesn't know what platform. He doesn't. It's your radical left people. It's AOC plus three. It's all these people. Bernie. It's Bernie. It's Kamala, the most liberal person in the US Senate. I tell it all the time. She started off her poll numbers at 15, 14, 12, 12. Then she went back up to 12 and a half. Then there was a big plunge right down to the bottom and then she dropped out. She dropped out, but there's never been anything like this. No major party has ever had a candidate that's so extreme in his views. Again, he took the manifesto drawn up by Bernie and the super lips and that's what he's going by, including a massive increase in your taxes and a total assault on your second amendment. On November 3rd, Michigan, you better vote for me. I got you so many damn car plants. I'll tell you what, I'll be so angry at you. I got you a lot of plants. Is that right? I mean, have you seen how we're doing here? All the plants that have been built, are being built and what about the plants that are being expanded? They don't want to give you credit for that. They just expanded. I went to Prime Minister Abe of Japan. I say, "Prime Minister, you have to start doing something." He's a great guy. He'll be retiring soon. He's a great guy, the prime minister of Japan, Abe. I say, "Shinzō, Shinzō, you have to do me a favor. You've got to send car plants over here. You're sending all those cars. We stupidly don't. Now they've been building it for a number of years, but you hadn't had a plan built in like 42 years. They were the old plants. And it's been amazing what's happened in Michigan. But honestly, it's been amazing what's happened in Ohio and North Carolina and South Carolina and Florida and New Hampshire and so many other places. Our country is doing great. We had to take a pause to get rid of the China virus, and we got rid … We're coming around. We're coming around that turn. I'm telling you, you watch, next year, better than last year. It's going to be better than last year. Michigan will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity, or whether we'll allow Sleepy Joe to impose $4 trillion in tax hikes, ban American energy, confiscate your guns, shut down the economy, and tell your governor to open up your state. It's all Democrat governors. And I think they do it for political reasons because there'll be less activity. You'd be doing even better if you had a governor that knew what the hell she was doing. You got to open it up the state. And also, you have to have a governor because right now Michigan's lagging. Great football, great coach, great team. We want a governor, John James, that's going to let Michigan play Big Ten football this year. You've been seeing a lot of the other schools want to open Big Ten at my suggestion. How about Sleepy Joe? He said, "Donald Trump is against football." No, no, no. I'm the one that says open it up, let's play football. These people practice disinformation like nobody has ever practiced it. They're liars. I'll tell you, they lie. But we have a good chance. You have a very good commissioner, and the commissioner is working hard, and hopefully, very soon they'll say you're going to play football. And I hope they're not leaving Michigan out because it's never the same if they do. But you have Maryland, where they have a problem in terms of playing. And the governors have a lot of power over that. They have a lot of power, a lot of say. So let's play Big Ten football, right? They want to shut down auto production, delay the vaccine. They want to destroy your suburbs. Look at what I've done for your suburbs. You know what I've done. You know what I've done. Does anybody want to have somebody from Antifa as a member and as a resident of your suburb? I don't think so too much. Say, "Darling, who moved in next door?" "Oh, it's a resident of Antifa." "No, thank you. Let's get out of here. Let's get the hell out of here, darling. Let's leave our suburbs. I wish Trump were president. He wouldn't have allowed that to happen." And that's exactly right, I won't allow it to happen. The suburbs are the American dream, and I will tell you, I have protected your suburbs. I got rid of a regulation that played with your zoning and played with other things, where they force projects into the suburbs of our great country. And I got rid of it. They said, "Sir, we can amend it and make it less crazy." I said, "No, I don't want to amend it. I don't want to do that. I want to get rid of it." "Well, sir, why don't we just do a simple amendment? It would be" … I said, "I want to get rid of it. End it." And we ended it. We ended it. I think the people living in the suburbs … which I know very well. I watched Westchester in New York where they were doing things that should never have been done, and it's not going to happen to our suburbs. They want to erase your borders and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies in our schools. Not going to happen. Not going to happen. For the last four years, they've tried everything to stop us, and they are only getting more desperate by the day. Can you imagine if on September 3rd, they say, "Ladies and gentlemen, Donald Trump has been declared the winner. Donald Trump has been declared" … At first, they'll go crazy. And then they'll say, "Okay, it's time now to be reasonable." They will have had it. They will have had it. We were coming together as a nation. Very interesting. Before the plague came in from China, we will coming together. It was success. Somebody said, "What's going to bring you together?" And it was. We were coming together. I was starting to get calls from Democrats that … Frankly, we didn't speak much. And I was starting to get calls, and then all of a sudden we saw the plague pour in, and we saw what was happening, and it really stopped things. But success was getting very, very close to bringing us all together. And then we had to say, "Let's take a time out. We got to fix this mess." And we did, and now we're coming back strong, but success brings us together, and it was happening, and then we got that terrible situation happened, and we'll never forget it. Biden and his party tried to lock law-abiding Americans into their homes while they encourage rioters and vandals rampaging through, in all cases, Democrat-run cities. Republican-run cities are doing very well. I hope you know that. And I hope you know, like in Minneapolis, we were asked to come in, we went in, we took care of that problem in about, what, 30 minutes? Unfortunately, they let almost two weeks go by. And if you look at what we just did in Wisconsin, which was so amazing, three days, and we went in. And by the way, the US Marshals went in to get the killer, and that was the end of that. They got the killer, they got the killer. You know what I'm talking about. And we were going to go into Seattle. The next day, we're all set, all lined up, looking forward to it. We just said, "We're doing it." I mean, they actually took over a part of the city, and the mayor said, "This is going to be a summer of love," right? Where do these people come from? But we were all set to go in there, heard we were going in, we informed them we're going in, and they sent their police to do it, and we never even had to go in. But we can solve those problems in a matter of literally minutes. Thank you. Don't say that, I'll start to cry, and that wouldn't be good for my image. You don't want to see me cry. I'll start to cry. One of the fake news broadcasters, because this happened the other day, we had a tremendous crowd like this. I mean, we had a tremendous crowd in North Carolina. They started chanting, "We love you. We love you. We love you." And it's incredible, they said with all the years that they've been covering presidential elections, they've never heard that chant that, "We love you." No, it's very nice. No, they've never heard it. True. Now they'll say, "He misrepresented. 18 years ago, there was a rally held by somebody, and we heard the words from two people that, ‘We love you, sir.'" Now this is what we're dealing with. And by the way, I look out, there's a lot of people that … Look at this. There's people back there that can't even get in. Thank you, Michigan. Thank you. It's really nice to be with you. As president, I will always support the heroes of law enforcement. I was very honored to receive the endorsement of the Police Officers Association of Michigan. Where are they? Where are they? They're here someplace. Where are they? Thank you, fellows. That's really nice. I'll tell you. That's an honor. I have to be honest. I got it from Florida, Texas, Ohio, North Carolina, South … But Michigan is Michigan. Thank you. I don't think there's any law enforcement officer that is against us. What is our poll number? 99. I know they had 365,000 at one group, and they got a unanimous vote. I said, "That's pretty good". How can you go the other way? You people are fantastic, and we love you. Thank you. That's great. Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Biden says he wants to protect Black lives, but his radical platform will cut short the lives of thousands of young African American citizens. Thousands. The murder rate in Democrat-run cities like Chicago, Baltimore, New York, so many others is higher than in Afghanistan, yet Biden supports imposing these failed policies nationwide. You will have crime like you've never seen before. You'll have crime like you've never seen. Last week, Joe Biden proudly accepted the endorsement of the pro-criminal Portland district attorney, who has a policy of releasing rioters, criminals, and violent extremists without charge. Biden's plan … And every time I say Biden's plan, it's not his plan, it's the people that tell them what they're going to do, so please understand. I just don't want to say that every time I mention his name. So it should say, "The people that control Biden's plan" is to appease domestic terrorists. My plan is to arrest them, to lock them up. If Joe Biden is elected, far left lunatics won't just be running failed Democrat city, they'll be running the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security, and the United States Supreme Court, and we can't let that happen. No city, town, or suburb will be safe. On November 3rd, your vote will save America. Remember, it's the most important election we've ever had. I'm joined tonight by some great warriors that have really helped me a lot in Washington with the fake impeachment, the impeachment hoax, the Russia, Russia, Russia hoax. Somebody said Russia's coming up again. Adam Schiff said, "We'd like to find out about" … I said, "What about China? What about other countries?" It's always Russia. Russia, Russia. They're at it again. I want to just thank these guys because these were real warriors for all of us. They love your state, and they love our country. Congressman Jack Bergman. Great job, Jack. John Moolenaar. Thank you, John. Great. Great going, John. He's a tough cookie. And Tim Walberg. Tim, thank you. Great job. What great people. And I talked about him a little while before, I could talk about him all night. He's a star. He's going to be a future star. We have a very much different party than we had four years ago. We're now the party of the workers. We're the party of a lot of different things now, but we weren't really considered the party of the workers. Certainly not anymore. Remember this, we're the party of Abraham Lincoln. A lot of people forget that. Honestly. Remember when they used to say, "he doesn't act presidential"? And I used to say, "It's so easy to be presidential." I'd only have about 10 or 15 people here. You'd be bored. But remember I used to do that? But I'd always say, "I can be more presidential than any president in our history, except for the possibility of Abraham Lincoln when he wears his hat." Tough to beat. That's tough to beat, John James. But seriously, if you want to be well-represented … Your current Senator, I don't even know this guy. I don't even know this guy. Nobody does. They don't know who he is. They don't even know. He comes into the office, I say, "Who is that guy?" I know every Senator. Democrat, Republican. I don't know this guy. I know your other Senator. I can tell by her hair. She's got interesting hair. But that was John's first crack. He learned a lot. And frankly, and I mean this, if he had more support from the Republican Party, he would've won that race. He would've. But this guy Peters, right? Peters. I say, "Who's Peters?" Nobody knows him. He doesn't do anything. I mean, look, we're going to end this, but I have to tell you, John James can be so great. He loves our country. He's been educated at the highest level. He was always the top at everything he's ever done. And this is what he has. And I'll be honest with you, John. I think I can tell this story. John and I were thinking about John. I was thinking about John more than myself because I know talent. And I said, "John, you can run for a certain House seat, right? And you're guaranteed to win. You can run for another House seat. It'll be a tough race, but you're going to win. Or you can have a tough race against somebody that nobody ever heard of. It's like a habit that they press that particular trigger, but that's a tough race. So you can be an absolute Congressman, or you can take a shot at this one." He said, "Sir, I can do more in the Senate than I can do in the House." And that was his decision. Right? Took a lot of guts. So John, I'm with you. You have my total and complete endorsement. You have everything I can do. Everything I can do, we will do for you. And I really believe you're going to make it. You're running against somebody that is just ridiculous, folks. It's ridiculous. Don't do it. Also with us are some other great candidates and people that are going to do a tremendous job, helping our Congressman. Paul Junge. Where's Paul Junge? Paul, thank you. Good luck. I heard you're doing well, Paul. Paul Junge. Lisa McClain. Lisa? Great job. It's going well. And Eric Essahki. Thank you, Eric. Good luck. Good luck. We're going to be out here helping you, too. We're going to be out here. I hope John doesn't even need help, but we're going to help John, too. We're going to help all of you. All right? We're going to be doing it. Thank you. Also with you is RNC Chairwoman. She was the head of the whole state, and she kept calling me back, back. "Sir, one more speech, you're going to win Michigan." Hadn't been won in decades. "One more speech, sir, you're going to win Michigan." I said, "All right. Ron, I'm coming in one more time, but that's it." I said, "That woman is the most aggressive person I've ever met." She said, "I'm telling you, sir, one more speech." I said, "All right, I'll do it one more time, but that's it." About a day after I got back, I said, "I just got back from Michigan. It was wonderful." I get a call from Ronna McDaniel, and she goes, "Sir, could you come in tomorrow for another speech?" Well, whatever happens, she is the one that got me here at midnight on … She is. So when it came time to picking the head of the RNC, as president, you have a couple of things to say about it, right? I said, "Who's that woman that kept getting me back to Michigan? Boy oh boy, she'll be great." Ronna McDaniel. And somebody's doing a fantastic job and tells us we're really pretty far ahead. Maybe way ahead. They had a poll. I think it was a Gallup poll. They said 62% of the people are lying about their poll. Now, they're only lying having to do with my … And I don't know if I'm supposed to be insulted by that or not, but we'll take it. But we could have a very big win. And look, no president has done for Michigan what President Trump has done for Michigan. And you're going to remember that. And I'm going to remember Michigan. Michigan GOP Chair Laura Cox. Great. Thank you. Great job. Great job. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thanks, Laura. We spent the last four years reversing the horrible damage Joe Biden inflicted over the last 47 years. 47 years of bad votes. After the last administration nearly killed the US auto industry, I saved the US auto industry. Joe Biden supported the disastrous Trans-Pacific Partnership, which would have been a death sentence for American auto jobs. I withdrew from the TPP my first week in office. That was so easy. That was so easy. You wouldn't have been making cars. You would've been buying cars from foreign lands. We have enough of that. Biden supported the horrendous South Korea deal that would've wiped out US production of the pickup truck, which is the most … The pickup truck is the most profitable thing the auto industry makes. You know why? We have something called the Chicken Tax. Does anyone know what I'm talking about? The Chicken Tax. It's a tariff of 25%, and it keeps other countries out of here, and it expired, and South Korea didn't want to do it, but they did it. We got it right back, and we put it on for a long time, and now you're making … But remember this, go check it out. The Chicken Tax. I'll tell you why someday at another meeting why they call it that. Maybe you don't want to know about it. But we're keeping those small trucks, and we're keeping our whole industry good. And we're expanding our autos now, our cars, and we're doing a great job of it, and I want to thank everybody. Doing a great job. And by the way, many other things in Michigan. Biden supported the outrageous fuel economy standards that have hammered the auto industry, and I reversed that rule. I actually reversed it, and it helped millions of families be able to afford a car. The United States lost 500 auto and auto parts factories under the Obama-Biden disaster. Before the virus, my administration added over 200 new auto and auto parts plants. How about 200? I didn't know that. 200. 200. I thought it was a little less than that. Wait, I want to see that again. 200. It's … … than that. Wait, I want to see that again, 200. It says 200. Do you believable it? That's a lot. You know, I have a choice between teleprompter and freelance. I hate to say, the freelance is always a hell of a lot better, but … If you remember, and you remember well, I actually got elected because of freelance. We didn't have teleprompters. There were no teleprompters. But think of that, 200, we're talking about 200 plants. I thought it was a much lower number. I thought you should put me in an office based on a much lower number. At 200, you have no choice. Yesterday, Biden was in Michigan. He said, "I better get out of the basement." This guy is starting to do very well lying about his lifetime of cold hearted globalist betrayals. Biden championed NAFTA, perhaps the worst trade deal in the history of our country. He continued to embrace and promote NAFTA for decades. I told you, he just said it was not as good as the deal I made. I can't believe, oh they're giving him hell tonight. They're giving him hell. What did you say that for? Boy oh boy. Yeah, hiding. ‘Joe Hiden.' Look, this doesn't sound nice. I'll say it, and they'll criticize for it, you watch. But I have the distinct pleasure of running against the worst presidential candidate in the history of presidential politics. I really believe that. I do. Can you imagine if I lost to him? I'd have to say I lost to the worst candidate ever put up. Don't do that to me, Michigan. Don't do that. Biden supported China's entry into the World Trade Organization, which, by the way, was a disaster. China was flatlining for years and years and decades and it got into this World Trade Organization with all sorts of advantages. Just a terrible, terrible situation took place. That's when China became a big, powerful economic power. But, if you look at the numbers just before the plague, now, the numbers are different, we were going up, up, up, we were beating them like a drum. They weren't even close. We were gaining, gaining, gaining. We were number one by far. You know, for years I've heard that in 2019, China was going to surpass us. Well, in 2019, we gained a lot on them. We were doing great. We were doing great and we'll be doing even better next year, you watch. Yesterday it was revealed that a fund partly owned by Joe Biden's son, where's Hunter? See his first name, I now name … His first name is where. Where's Hunter? He must be a brilliant guy because with no experience he's taken more money from more countries. He had no job and then he became rich. But where's Hunter who facilitated the sale of a Michigan automotive company to a leading Chinese military defense contractor? Does anyone know that China's military got yet another piece of American manufacturing, Mike and the Biden family made a lot of money on it. It was a lot of money. What about Ukraine? He got $183,000 a month, $3 million upfront and he had no experience with energy, working for an energy company, by the way. What's your experience, Hunter? What's your experience with energy? "I don't have any." "Okay. We'll pay you 183,000 a month and I will give you an upfront payment, Hunter, of $3 million. Will that be satisfactory?" He goes, "Yes. I'll take it." Would anybody here not take that deal? Anybody? Please raise your head. This is one guy, right, you must be a pretty rich guy. If Biden's elected, China will own America. Washington vultures like Biden and others ripped apart entire towns all across your state. Michigan lost half of all manufacturing jobs after the trade deals that Biden supported. By the way, I don't know if anybody … But does anybody remember like 12 years ago? Long before I thought about running for president, when I enjoyed my life, I had the greatest life. "Where would we like to go? Let's go to Monte-Carlo this weekend. Let's go." No, I had a great life, but I was honored. I was doing very well. I was honored in Michigan. Does anybody know that? I was given man of the year award by somebody? I came in and I spent like 45 minutes talking about how you've been ripped off, how all your auto companies are leaving and going to Mexico and, by the way, to Canada too. But how they're all leaving and going to Mexico and Canada. I spent the whole time talking about it. At the end I felt embarrassed, I said, "I hope I haven't insulted the state too much, but why do you let this happen?" I stopped it. I stopped. It won't be happening. It won't be happening. It's not going to happen anymore. Biden took a sledgehammer to your state earlier this year, I kept my promise to Michigan workers when we ended the NAFTA nightmare that everybody said was impossible to end, and when we signed that brand new US- Mexico-Canada agreement into law. The USMCA includes powerful wage protections to keep auto manufacturing jobs right here in Michigan. Now they have a tremendous disincentive to leave Michigan, fire all of our workers, go to Mexico or Canada, make the car or the product, send it in here without tariffs. We end up with closed factories, no job and no taxes. That's not happening anymore. That's not happening anymore. But do you remember how bad it was just before I took office? It was like an avalanche of companies leaving our country. I also took the toughest ever action to stand up to China's rampant theft of Michigan jobs. Biden has vowed to remove these tariffs and allow China to resume its pillaging. Just so you know, China's paying us tens of billions of dollars a month. Before me, China never paid anything. They didn't pay us 25 cents. You know what I did with some of that money? I gave it to our farmers. I don't know if we have a lot, do we have farmers here? We have farmers. Raise your hands farmers. That's not bad No, I gave $28 billion to our farmers because they were targeted by China. They were targeted. They said, "You know …" and that's what they did in the past to other presidents. They said, "If you do this, we're going to stop doing business with your farmers and you're not going to be able to get any votes and you're going to lose the Midwest and all of that." I said, "You know what? I do, whatever you want." Then I went to Sonny Perdue, Secretary Of Agriculture, a great guy, I said, Sonny, "How much are they being targeted for?" "Sir, $12 billion the first year, two years, three years ago, and then 16 billion, a total of 28 billion." I said, "That's okay. We're putting tariffs on everything they send into our country, 25%." Was going to raise it to 50%. Also, 10% at 12%, all different tariffs. We took in billions and billions, and I said, "You know what we're going to do? We're going to take, of that, the 12 and the 16, $28 billion and we're going to give it to our farmers who were targeted," and our farmers are doing great. That's what we did. Do you think Joe Biden would do that? He wouldn't have a clue. Hillary wouldn't have had a clue. Crazy Bernie wouldn't have, nobody would add a clue on that one. By the way, we had tens of billions of dollars left over. You know what I did with that? We gave it to the US Treasury, right smack into the heart of the US Treasury. And we're still getting those big tariffs. Even though we made a trade deal with China. I said, "No, you got to leave the tariffs on." A lot of people didn't know it. Schumer went, "Well, I don't like to do …" First of all, he didn't like tariffs, and then all of a sudden he loves it. But when I made the deal with China, I left the tariffs on 25% and some different amounts. When I left tariffs largely on and nobody could believe it. I said to Schumer, "What do you think of the deal?" "I don't like it because you got rid of the tariffs." I said, "No, we left the tariffs on." This is what it is. No matter how you do it, no matter how good the deal, they'll say, "It's no good," because they don't love the country. They don't love the country. Remember that. Joe Biden's agenda is made in China. My agenda is made in the USA. That's a nice plane. Somebody said to me, "Your plane's just as nice as that." I said, "No, it's not. That's Air Force One. That's the nicest." Always, that's the nicest. I also authorize millions of dollars to save Michigan Soo Locks, and forget all the problems they had. For years and years, they fought over the money to do it. We got $300 million to the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, and we have done a job on the Soo Locks. They were rotting you. Weren't going to have anything come through the Soo Locks. It's all done. That deal is all done. It's all done. Right? Thank you. Thank you. Where are my guys there? Good job. Right. Even though you're law enforcement, that's a good job, right? Two months ago, I also issued a major disaster declaration in response to the catastrophic flooding caused by the failure of the Edenville dam. Where are the people from Edenville? Yeah, good. No, that was a terrible thing and they're working very hard right now. We're providing more than $43 million in federal funds to help homeowners, businesses and communities in central Michigan to recover from that catastrophe. Thank you. Perhaps in no area have our opponents more thoroughly betrayed working families of all backgrounds than on the subject of immigration. Under my administration, we've achieved the most secure border in American history. We've ended catch and release, stopped asylum fraud, and we've deported over 20,000 vicious gang members and over a half a million criminal illegal aliens. As I said, we've already built over 310 miles of border wall. It's all going to be finished very quickly. We're averaging about 10 new, brand new, beautiful miles every single week. It'll be finished very short. We've invested $2.5 trillion in the US military. All made in the USA, by the way. All made in the USA. You know, with the fake news today, I said, "And we have systems and missiles and rockets and military and tech. We have systems that you've never even seen before. President Xi has nothing like it. Putin has nothing like it. Nobody has anything like what we have." They said, "Is he giving away military information?" No, I'm saying, "We have the greatest weapons in the world." That's what I'm saying. They said, "He may be giving away classified information." You don't have to worry about it. These people are sick. Never speak well about our technology because you're giving away classified information. Now, I just want to let people know, we have the greatest systems, the greatest equipment and the greatest people anywhere in the world. There's nobody like the US military. We have the most powerful military in the world. When I took it over, it was depleted. It was in trouble and was exhausted from these ridiculous, endless wars that lasts 19 and 20 years, and you know, those soldiers are starting to come home very big. You know that right?. We passed the MISSION Act, we call it VA Choice and VA Accountability. We hold people accountable if they don't treat our vets good, you're fired. Get out. You're fine. We did more in 47 months than sleepy Joe Biden did in 47 years. That's true. We did more. That sort of has a nice ring to it. Right? Think of it. We did more and it's true. Just take a look, Space Force, by itself, that would be a major achievement, and with us, we did so many things, so many things. But we did more in 47 months than he did in 47 years. It's true. It's true. A lot of what I did is destroy some of the horrible things that they did, including regulations all over the place. I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal. We paid $150 billion, 1.8 billion in cash. We ought to speak to law enforcement about that. How do we send 1.8 billion in cash? In cash? You guys ought to take a look at that please. I kept my promise, recognized the true capital of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. Every president said they were going to do that and none of them did it, for decades and decades, they all said. I tell this story, it was a hard thing to get done. It was easy to talk about in the campaign, "We're going to open up the embassy in Jerusalem. We're going to make it. It becomes automatically the capital of Israel." Everybody said it for very, very many decades, for decades, many presidents. But I realize now why it was an effort because as soon as I got in, I was lobbied by everybody, "Please don't do it. Don't do it. Don't make the capital of Israel Jerusalem. Don't move your embassy." So went on and on. Then I said, "Let's do it anyway." It's true. And the word got out. The word got out that I was going to do it, and I was called by every king and every queen and every prime minister and every … Everybody was calling me, "Please sir, don't do it. Please." So I did what we sometimes will do in business, I told them … When a king calls, when somebody calls, an Emir, when somebody calls, tell them, "I'll call them back in a few days. I'm sorry, sir. He won't be able to speak right now, he'll call you back on Wednesday. Okay. Thank you very much. I appreciate it." On Tuesday, I announced that I'm doing it. Then I got on the phone with 18 different companies. I go, "Hey, how you doing? You called, I'm just returning your call." "Oh, it's too late, sir. We called about Israel. It's too late." I said, "Gee, I'm sorry. I wish you got to me a little bit sooner." I recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights and we achieved the first breakthrough in Middle East peace in decades. And by the way, on Wednesday, I believe of next week, Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, and as you know, the country, a very powerful, very respected country with a great leader, the UAE, is coming to the White House and we're going to sign an agreement that hasn't been signed in many decades. It's peace and its recognition of Israel and all of the things, nobody thought it could be done. It's an amazing thing. I don't say this out of ego, but I was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. Now, I have to tell you, that's sort of a big thing and the networks and most of the news didn't cover it. Could you imagine? When Obama came to office, they said, "We're going to give him the Nobel Peace Prize." He actually said, "What did I do? I didn't do anything." He didn't do anything for eight years, frankly. But he said, "What did I do?" They gave it to them in a matter of weeks, right? Weeks. With us, we've done so much. We have done so much on so many different fronts. Remember North Korea? Remember? They were going to be at war with North Korea. Where's the war? Where's the war? Where's the war? And we have a good relationship with Kim Jong-un. Who knows what happens? All I know is, we're not in war and that's okay. They said, "But he gave away so much." I said, "I gave away nothing." "No, he gave away so much." When I said, "What did they give away?" You know what they said? "Uh, we don't know." I said, "Here's what I gave away, I gave away nothing." They said, "Oh, but you agreed to meet." Oh, I see. I agreed to meet. So now they're saying, "I agreed to meet, it was such a big deal." Instead of being in a war, I think agreeing to meet is okay, right? And we did. He's a different kind of a guy and he's a smart guy, a very smart guy. We get along. Getting along with foreign powers is not a bad thing. We're trying to teach that to the media and these idiots that ran our government for so many years. These fools. These fools. You know, you got nuclear weapons, you got big armies, big navies, "He gets along with Putin. That's a terrible thing." No, it's a good thing. If I get along, that's good. He likes me. I like him. Not so bad. "He gets along with Kim Jong-un." … Not so bad. He gets along with Kim Jong-Un. That's a terrible thing. No, it's a good thing. I'm trying to convince him. It's okay. It's okay not to go to war. It's really okay. He gets along with President Xi, he gets along with Prime Minister Abe. He gets along with a lot of people, and it's okay. That's a good thing. It's really hard. These stupid people that have been running this operation for 30, 40 years, and they come out against me, and all they did was stick us in these endless wars. We're fighting for sand and blood. Sand and blood. Syria, what do you get out of it? You get sand, you get blood, you get injuries, you get death. These people don't know what the hell they're doing and it's one of the reasons I got elected, I can tell you that. We don't like his foreign policy. And this is said by one of the guy's that got us into the war in Iraq, got us into the Middle East. So, it's … We're doing a great job. We're doing a great job for you. We're doing a great job for Michigan. Just to finish in the Middle East, we killed the founder and leader of Isis, Al-Baghdadi. And by the way, we're pulling back and we're doing everything so beautifully. If we do get into war, we win the war. We don't fight for nothing. We fought for nothing. We don't ever want to have war but if there is a war, nobody's going to even come close to being able to beat us. And we won't be depleted from fighting in all these ridiculous locations all over the globe. You people know that a lot better than the idiots in Washington that has represented us for 35 years. We took out the world's number one terrorist and the mass murderer of American troops, Qasem Soleimani is dead. We kept America out of new wars and we're bringing our troops back home, and they're coming home very rapidly. You see that. Sleepy Joe Biden voted for the Iraq War. He supported the Defense Sequester that gutted our military, destroyed our military, set us back so many years. I got rid of it immediately. He opposed the mission to take out Osama Bin Laden. He was against it. Everything he did, he was wrong on as said by Gates, you know? Secretary of Defense, Secretary of everything. He was sort of like … He had more jobs than any human being I've ever seen. But he said, "Everything, everything that Biden was for was wrong." He opposed killing Soleimani. He oversaw the rise of Isis. He was unable to do anything with Isis. as he came to the White House two weeks ago. And we cheered as we looked at all of the success that we've had but he really oversaw the rise of China as a positive development. Remember, he said, "No, it's a positive development for America and for the world." He's been in Washington for 47 years now. He's all of a sudden going to change? He's going to change? He's not going to change. Don't forget, he was in Washington in his primetime, which was never considered great, and now it's no longer primetime. When I banned travel from China, Biden called it hysterical and xenophobic. If we had listened to Joe, hundreds of thousands more Americans would have died from the China plague. Biden was willing to sacrifice American lives on the altar of open borders. And now Joe Biden is once again hurting innocent people with his dangerous anti-vaccine conspiracy theories, putting millions of lives around the world at risk. And the only reason he's doing that is he knows we're right next to having a vaccine. So, he wants to belittle the vaccine because he doesn't want us to get credit plant, who converted their factory to produce tens of thousands of ventilators, after we invoked the Defense Production Act, and they've done a fantastic job. Not a single American who has needed a ventilator has been denied a ventilator any time in our whole country. They needed a ventilator, we had nothing. We were left, bare cupboards. I always say the cupboards were bare. We're delivering lifesaving therapies, and have achieved among the lowest case fatality rates anywhere of any country in the world. Europe's excess mortality rate is 24% higher than the rate in the United States. You don't hear that from the fake news. Hey, America will prevail over the China virus, as Franklin Delano Roosevelt said, "The only thing we have to fear is fear itself." That's it. We're doing very well. As the British government advised the British people in the face of World War II, "Keep calm and carry on." That's what I did. This whack job that wrote the book, he said, "Well, Trump knew a little bit." They wanted me to come out and scream, "People are dying, we're dying." No, no, we did it just the right way. We have to be calm. We don't want to be crazed lunatics. We have to lead. When Hitler was bombing, I don't know if you know this, when Hitler was bombing London, Churchill, great leader, would oftentimes go to a roof in London and speak, and he always spoke with calmness. He said, "We have to show calmness." No, we did it the right way and we've done a job like nobody. All of those great generals, all of those great admirals, our great vice president, Mike Pence, they did a fantastic job. Our doctors, and they don't get any credit because they want to discredit us as much as possible because they want it to carry over to November 3rd, but we've done a fantastic job. I think we've probably done the best job of any country, certainly of any major country anywhere in the world on the pandemic. Through our historic relief programs, we've saved more than 1.6 million Michigan jobs, and over 128,000 Michigan businesses. Michigan has already gained and regained more than half of the jobs that it lost, and if your state was ever allowed to safely reopen by your governor who doesn't have a clue. She's like Joe. You would have regained far more than that. Open up your state, Madam Governor, open up your state. Let's go. Just like crazy Nancy Pelosi, your governor is a liberal hypocrite who lives by a different set of rules. Her husband was caught trying to put his boat in the water on Memorial Day weekend while she was ordering the people of Michigan to stay in their homes, and forcing businesses into bankruptcy left and right. The Biden agenda would collapse our economy and destroy this great opportunity that we're having right now. He would impose job destroying regulations that would demolish the auto industry. You know, on regulations, it took, in many cases, 18, 19, 20 years to get a roadway or a highway approved. We have it down now to two years. We're trying to get it down to one year, and it may get disapproved for environmental or safety reasons, but we're going to know about it very fast. No more 20 year approvals or disapprovals. He wants to force you to provide free government healthcare to illegal aliens. He will destroy your social security. He will destroy your protections for pre-existing conditions, and we will save social security. Remember they said last time? "Oh, Trump is going to destroy social security." Well, it's now four years, we haven't touched it. We've protected it, and that's going to remain that way. Biden opposes school choice and has stated that if he's elected, charter schools, so important, are gone. In a second term, I will provide school choice to every parent in America. A vote for republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for all Americans, instead of letting Washington change us, despite all that we have been through, we are changing Washington. We will make our medical supplies right here in the United States, and right here in Michigan. We will enact fair trade deals that create American jobs and grow American wages. We will rapidly return to full employment, soaring incomes and record prosperity, and that's already happening. We will hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement, surge federal prosecutors into high crime communities, and we will ban sanctuary cities. We will appoint prosecutors, judges and justices who believe in enforcing the law, not their own political agenda. We will ensure equal justice for citizens of every race, color, religion and creed. We will defend the dignity of work and the sanctity of life. We will uphold religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms. And you're lucky I'm here because you're Second Amendment would be gone if I wasn't. And they didn't touch it. We will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens, and we will keep out people, keep them out of these horrible, horrible situations where they hurt our country, they hurt the people of our country, and we're also going to be staying out of the endless ridiculous foreign wars in countries that you've never even heard of. We will build the most powerful missile and cyber defense. We've already got it, pretty much. And we will maintain peace through strength. We will end surprise medical billing, require the biggest thing that nobody even knows about and it's all signed and it goes into effect on January 1st. You better make sure I win. Can you imagine? This is going to be the biggest thing and nobody understands what it is. You'll figure it out. Price transparency. Did they fight me on that one. January 1st. And further reduce health insurance premiums and the cost of prescription drugs at a level like you've never seen before. I've already signed it. Favored Nations. The drug companies are not happy, I will tell you. Just, all you have to do is take a look at all the ads they're running against me. Favored Nations, where we pay whatever the lowest is in the world, we pay that number. We will protect Medicare and social security, and we will always protect our patients. We will always our people. We will your pre-existing conditions, as I said. America will land the first woman on the moon, and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars. We will restore patriotic education, you know what I mean by that, and we will teach our children to love our country, honor our history and always respect our great American flag. And we will live by the timeless words of our national motto, In God We Trust. And I don't know if you saw it, but during the Democrat National Convention and Caucus, they took twice, I thought I was sort of, maybe they made a mistake, you saw that, they took the word God out of the Pledge of Allegiance twice. And then they said, "Oh, well maybe it was a mistake." It wasn't a mistake. That's where they're coming from. Don't be foolish. That's where they're coming from and there's nothing that Sleepy Joe Biden can do about it. For years, you had a president who apologized for America. Now you have a president who is standing up for America and standing up for Michigan. So, get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and your coworkers, and get out and vote. So important. From Grand Rapids to Saginaw, from Kalamazoo to Mackinac, and from Flint to right here in Freeland, we stand on the shoulders of generations of Michigan patriots who gave their blood, sweat and tears for this beloved nation. This is the state where Henry Ford invented the assembly line. It's the place where General Motors, Chrysler and Kellogg revolutionized entire industries. Michigan, well, you know this one, right? Michigan gave us Motown, right? That's right. That's right, Motown. We love Motown. Michigan gave us Motown, gave us Motown, gave us the Mustang and the unrivaled might of the American Midwest. This is the state where tough, strong and determined workers made America into the greatest and most powerful nation in the history of the world, and we are making it greater and greater every single day. Proud citizens like you helped build this country, and together, we will be taking back our country, we'll be taking it back from people that don't love our country and that take back is almost complete. We have to win on November 3rd. We're returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working. We are going to keep on fighting. And we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning, we are going to keep on winning. Vote for John James. John James. We need John James. We are one movement, one people, one family and one glorious nation under God, and together, with the incredible people of Michigan, we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you, Michigan. We love you, Michigan. Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you to Greenville, North Carolina, I want to thank you. And to, Mike Pence, you've done a great job. Great Vice President. Thank you Mike. And we have all night, we're going to have a lot of fun tonight, and I have nothing to do, nothing, nothing. We have nothing to do but make our country great again, and that's happening fast. It's wonderful to be back in this beautiful state with thousands of hardworking North Carolina patriots, and thank you for your support. Thank you for that very big victory we had three years ago. Time is flying. You getting ready? Let's do it again. Right? Let's do it again. I just heard that the United States House of Representative, has overwhelmingly voted to kill the most ridiculous project I've ever been involved in, the resolution. How stupid is that? Own impeachment. I want to thank those Democrats because many of them voted for us. The vote was a totally lopsided 332 to 95 to 1. 332 to 95, think of it, we have the strongest economy in history, the lowest unemployment numbers ever, we've rebuilt the most powerful military, it was totally depleted when I took office, and now it's rebuilt. We passed the largest tax cuts and regulation cuts of any president or any administration in history. We took care of our great vets, including veterans choice, and veterans accountability. And they want to try and impeach, it's a disgrace. It's a disgrace. So now we have that behind us, and I have to say this, and I'll say it just once, what happened to me with this witch hunt should never be allowed to happen to another president of the United States. Never, ever again. I want to thank Republican leadership for what they've done for all of us, by stopping that hoax, the Russian hoax I call it, because America is winning again. America's respected again, and, because we are finally putting America first. Our economic policy can be summed up in three very beautiful and simple words, jobs, jobs, jobs. We've created 6 million new jobs since election day. If I would have said that, nobody would have believed it. If I would've said that, the fake news would have said he's exaggerating. And I wouldn't have said it because I wasn't even sure we could do it. Think of it, 6 million jobs since election day, think of it. And by the way, North Carolina has had its best economic year in the history of your state. Our country has added more than 180,000 people to the workforce, and think of that through what we've done on a federal basis. You picked up over 180,000 jobs, North Carolina. Think of that, and you have your lowest unemployment rate. You have a lot of good things, but let's not talk too much about North Carolina. Let's win this election nationwide. You remember North Carolina, that was going to be the Clinton firewall. She spent a fortune here, and I kept coming in and coming out. They call it, earned media. I earned it. I kept coming in and coming out, and every time I left they said, "I don't think we'll lose in North Carolina." You know what? I was right. We won it. We won it easily. We won it easily. So I just want to thank everybody. Seriously. This is a big… that was a big deal. November 8th, that was a big deal. Donald Trump has won the great state of North Carolina. A big deal. That was when you started to see the folks at a certain other convention, beautiful looking place. One of the most beautiful venues I've ever seen, but I don't want any part of it. It was unlucky. I don't want any part, but that's when you saw the people say, what the hell is going on? What? What's happening? And then it was state after state, it was Florida, it was South Carolina, we love South Carolina. Right? Unbelievable. It was Pennsylvania. Remember they wouldn't announce the numbers in Pennsylvania, so there was 1% of the vote remaining. If I lost every one of those votes, we still win by a lot, and they wouldn't announce it. They wouldn't announce it. And then we won the great state of Wisconsin. First time in many, many decades, that a Republican won. And then we had a surprise, but not a surprise to us, because we're bringing back the auto industry. We brought so much back to the great state of Michigan. That was a shocker, remember that? Do you remember a certain hand on that beautiful board and they said, "You know this sport is getting awfully red." That's Republican. "There's a lot of red up there." We had a lot of… That was one hell of a night, wasn't it though? One hell of a night. I think it was maybe, you know there are those that say, one of the most extraordinary and exciting evenings in the history of television and the history of anything. And you know, you can go, all over the world in some cases, it was morning. You go to Asia, you go to Europe, you go all over. It was just record setting and here's the point, we have to do it again. We have to do it again. And the reason we have to not only to do new things, which we will, and you know statutorily and we had all sorts of artificial witch hunts over our head. Can you imagine if we didn't have to go through that hoax? I don't know that we would've done any better to be honest with you. I think we've done more in two and a half years than any president ever< first two and a half years. But could you imagine what it could have been if we didn't have the witch hunt? You said it. He said it. I won't say it because it's a Harrell, it's a terrible word. So I will not say that this guy said, if we didn't have the bullshit, that's all. No, no. Could you imagine if we didn't have the time wasted the time and everything. Can you imagine? And you know a friend of mine said maybe you wouldn't have done as well. Is that possible? That can happen. Maybe we would have had too much time on our hands. Who knows? But I can say, nobody in their first two and a half years has done anywhere close to what we not being what we, not me, what we've all done. It's true. The unemployment rate among African Americans is the lowest in the history of our country. Unemployment among Hispanic Americans, where we're doing really well, you know why? Because they want a strong border. They want it because they understand the border better than anybody. They want that strong border. They want that wall that's being built right now. They want that wall, and they really do. They understand the border better than anybody, and they don't want criminals coming in. They don't want crime coming, they don't want to lose their jobs. They like the fact that their salaries are going up, their wages are going up, they understand it better. So Hispanic American, the best unemployment numbers in our history, Asian Americans, the best unemployment numbers in our history. And likewise women, 74 years. So I'm sorry women, I let you down. It's not in our history, but we're going to be there very soon. We're going to be there very soon. Women are doing incredibly and women… the men are going to get angry. Sorry men. Whoa, look at all those signs. Women for Trump. Wow, thank you. That's a lot of signs. You remember last election, Donald Trump will never ever get the women. Then we got this tremendous number of women. We got this tremendous number of women, and during the election night, they say, "What's going on?" you know it's called suppression polls. Suppression. Polls are just as fake as the news itself, but women filled 60%, and I'm sorry to tell you this, men, they're going to sue me for discrimination now. Women fill 60% of all of the new jobs created last year. Women took 60%, what's wrong with you, men? What's wrong with you? But the radical Democrats are trying to destroy all of our country's tremendous achievement, and our country's tremendous success. Unprecedented. We've had unprecedented success. Leaders come in from other countries, prime ministers, presidents, kings, queens, dictators. Sometimes, I hate to say it, dictators, and they all start off by saying, "Mr. President, I'd like to congratulate you on the incredible economy that you've created. The greatest anywhere in the world by far." And sadly, China who I have a very good relationship with President Xi, I really like him. But China has had… yesterday it was announced, the worst year in 27 years. We've had the best, and if our opponent ever got into office, instead of being up, 62% instead of those 401ks of yours being up 60, 70, 80, 90%, crash, big crash. You would have had a crash, the likes of which we have never seen before, if they got in office. Because we freed up our country, we freed up our economy especially with regulation cuts, but also with those big beautiful tax cuts. We freed it up. The leading voices of the Democrat Party are left wing extremists, who reject everything our nation stands for. But again, I have to tell you, this vote was so big. I have to thank many of the Democrats. I mean, that was amazing. No, no, I really do. I respect it. I really do. That was a slaughter, but many of those people that voted for us this afternoon in somewhat of a sneak attack, a real sneak attack, many of those people that voted for us were Democrats, and I want to thank them, because they did the right thing for our country. Republicans know that America is the greatest force for peace and justice in the history of our world. But these left-wing ideologues see our nation as a force of evil. The way they speak, so badly of our country. They want to demolish our constitution, weaken our military, eliminate the values that built this magnificent country. You have to look at some of their recent comments which are never talked about. When you see the four Congress women. Oh, isn't that lovely? I'll give you just a couple, I've had pages and pages, but we don't want to bore you. We don't want to go too long. But we have to give a couple, because that's the great thing about live television. They can't cut it. Representative Ilhan Omar, of a really great state, I almost won the first time in decades and decades, Minnesota. Greg Stanton. By the way, I keep hearing how much enthusiasm is in the radical left. I don't think they have enthusiasm. They're just fighting with each other. We have all of the enthusiasm. He goes home now to mommy, and he gets reprimanded, and that's the end. Sorry mommy. Sorry mom. Didn't mean to embarrass your mom. But it's true, we have the enthusiasm folks. Look at this. Look at this. And by the way, thousands and thousands of people outside and people that couldn't get in, thousand. We've got all the enthusiasm. They're fighting each other. They've gone so far left, nobody wants to even think about it. So representative Omar, blames the United States, for the terrorist attacks on our country, saying that terrorism is a reaction to our involvement in other people's affairs. She smeared US Service members involved in Black Hawk Down. In other words, she slandered the brave Americans who were trying to keep peace in Somalia. Omar minimized the September 11th attacks on our homeland, saying some people did something. I don't think so. Some people did something. Yeah, some people did something. All right. She pleaded for compassion for Isis recruits attempting to join the terrorist organization. She was looking for compassion. Omar laughed that Americans speak of Al-Qaeda in a menacing tone and remark that, you don't say America with this intensity. You say, Al-Qaeda makes you proud. Al-Qaeda makes you proud. You don't speak that way about America. And at a press conference just this week when asked whether she supported Al-Qaeda, that's our enemy. That's our enemy. They are a very serious problem that we take care of, but they always seem to come along somewhere. She refused to answer. She didn't want to give an answer to that question. Omar blamed the United States for the crisis in Venezuela. I mean think of that one, and she looks down with contempt on the hardworking American, saying that ignorance is pervasive in many parts of this country. And obviously and importantly, Omar has a history of launching vicious antisemitic screens. When she talked about the evil Israel, and it's all about the benjamins. Not a good thing to say. So that's Omar. That's Omar. And by the way, many other things, all you have to do is press the right button on your beautiful screen, and you'll see thing after… You didn't hear this over the last two days or did you hear anybody talk about this? Her colleague Representative Rashida Tlaib, agreed with Omar's characterization of 9/11 and said that members of Congress who support Israel forgot, what country they represent. And Tlaib also used the F word to describe the presidency and your president. That's not nice, even for me. She was describing the President of the United States and the presidency with the big fat vicious, the way she said it, vicious F-word. That's not somebody that loves our country. Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez. Check out her scores by the way, with her green new deal, the green new deal. Where did that come from? She's conducted outrageous attacks against men and women of law enforcement, she compared American border agents managing a humanitarian crisis, that I always said was a humanitarian crisis, and they said it was manufactured. They don't say it was manufactured, and we're stopping it and I want to thank Mexico. They've got 21,000 soldiers now stopping people from coming into our country. But Cortez, somebody said that's not her name it's… They said that's not her name, sir. I said, "No, no, I don't have time to go with three different names." We'll call her Cortez. Too much time. Takes too much time. So Cortez also, she said essentially Nazis are running concentration camps, and when Mike Pence went down just a few days ago with members of Congress and the media, and you looked at those so-called horrible concentration camps, they said, "Wow, these places a clean. Wow. They have air conditioning, they have water." And you know, to be honest, it's not like they came and we want to take care of people. We got to straighten out our immigration laws. You know, in a very short period of time, if the Democrats would give us a few votes, we could solve the immigration problem and it would be so great. It would be so great. But these kids and these people come from rough places. And I'll tell you what, some of them said, "We've never lived like this before." They have water, they have air conditioning, they have things that they've never seen. And we listen to her talking about drinking water from toilets, which was a lie, which was a lie. Cortez said that illegal immigrants are more American than any person who seeks to keep them out ever will be, can you believe that? That's what she say. She described contemporary America, that's you, that's me, that's all of us, as garbage, garbage, a garbage. Remember deplorables, right? That sounds worse. I think that's worse, but we'll save it for whoever's going to be the nominee, and right now, sleepy Joe's not looking too good, Pocahontas. Pocahontas is gaining a little bit, because we probably use the Pocahontas a little bit too early, but that's okay. We'll bring it out of retirement very soon. They have a new one who knocked the hell out of Biden during the debate? He said, "I wasn't prepared for that question." That's not a good answer. Can you imagine? And according to the polls, I won every single debate Republican and against Hillary. Can you imagine? Those are the polls. They won't admit that. Many, many polls. But can you imagine if I said, "Uh-oh, I'm sorry I wasn't prepared for that question." I'm gone. That's the end of Trump. He's not prepared. He's not mentally prepared, that's his problem. But everybody that knows him knows that. But no Harris hit him with the pretty easy question on busing. What I would say that's pretty easy, and he choked. He choked. And then he said, "Ah, yeah, I'm sorry I ran out of time. I ran out of time" He ran out of time. And then you have a young guy, Buttigieg, Buttigieg. They're saying how to say his name, Buut-ih-jij. He's a beauty. He runs a failed city. His city is doing so badly. Mike Pence was the governor of that state. I said, "How was he as the mayor?" Mike is one of the nicest human beings you'll ever meet. And Mike said, he never did a good job, I'm so shocked to see him running. Okay. And then he goes back home, and African Americans literally were so angry at him for the lousy job and he's supposed to be like a hot young star, if that's a hot young star, I guess I just don't no star anymore. That is not as star. That's not a star. Buut-ih-jij, you say, Buut, and then add ih-jij, Buttigieg. I don't see him dealing with President Xi of China. I don't see him meeting successfully with Kim Jong-un. I don't see him dealing, and nobody has been tougher with Russia than Donald Trump. I don't know see him dealing with Vladimir Putin. And we have good relationships with them and many others, except now we're no longer the suckers. Like with NATO, we protect Europe. We spent hundreds of billions of dollars and they're not paying their fair share. So last year I went and said, "Folks, sorry, you got to pay your fair share." 16 years was going like this? The contribution, and now it's like a rocket ship, $100 billion. I said to him, great people, 28 nations, including the US, I said to him, "Listen, we're taking care of you. You screw us on trade, and you don't pay your military bills. This is not a good deal for the United States." So we're taking care of trade. We want to do it nice and slow and easy. You know, we got a world balance, but European Union is terrible to us on trade, terrible. Frankly, they're as tough or tougher than China, just smaller in numbers. That's the only difference. With China, 507 billion dollars, a you look over the years, for many, many years, they've been taken. And guys like Biden say, "Uh-oh, We'd them them." And he was there eight years, "We'd stop that." No, Trump is stopping it. Trump is stopping it. Representative Ayanna Pressle. Is she related in any way to Elvis? I don't know. Who knows? You never know. She thinks that people with the same skin color, all need to think the same or military. You know they're attacking a single man standing there with a camera, who never got hit and never hit back before in his life that. They're very brave. They always show up with a mask and they're covered. Because then they go home to mom and dad. They don't want mom and dad to know where they were. But they always attract people that really can't defend themselves very well. Right? They're attacking this group. They're not attack North Carolina. That's for sure. So these Congresswomen, their comments are helping to fuel the rise of a dangerous militant hard left, but that's so, they are very evil. They're hitting people over the head with sticks, and I mean sticks. I mean bats even, they're whacking people with bats. They're very brave. They always show up with a mask and they're covered, because then they go home to mom and dad. They don't want mom and dad to know where they were. But they always attract people that really can't defend themselves very well. Right? They're attacking this group. They're not attack North Carolina. That's for sure. So these Congresswomen, their comments are helping to fuel the rise of a dangerous militant hard left, but that's okay, because we're going to win this election like nobody's ever seen before. And tonight I have a suggestion for the hate filled extremists, who are constantly trying to tear our country down. They never have anything good to say. That's why I say, "Hey, if they don't like it, let them leave. Let them leave. Let them leave. Let them leave." They're always telling us how to run it, how to do this, how to the… you know what? if they don't love it, tell them to leave it. I don't know. And I'll watch, I'll go back to the, "Oh sir, that was so controversial, sir." No, I'm just saying it's their choice. They can come back when they want, but you know, they don't love our country, I think in some cases they hate our country. And it's so angry, even yesterday they went on the stage. I said, "Let me watch this." And the anger, they were trying to be nice, but it's hard. It's hard for them to do that. That choice for every American has never been more clear. That's true. The Democrat agenda is anti worker, anti jobs, anti citizen anti-family and anti common sense. With the exception of all of those Democrats that voted for us today, we'll give them up, okay? They're fine, they're fine. They are fine and you'll lose to them, it's different. It's okay. It's called normal political back and forth. But I want to tell you something, the Democrats are being violent, so vicious, moving so far left, it's out of control. It's out of control. The Republican agenda is pro-worker, pro-jobs, pro-family, pro-growth, and 100% pro-American. So we're thrilled tonight to be joined by several North Carolina Republican leaders. Really great people. They've been so helpful to me and they're doing an incredible job. Lieutenant Governor, Dan Forest, Lieutenant Governor. North Carolina, Treasurer Dale Folwell. Greenville Mayor, PJ Connelly, I hear he does a good job, PJ. And North Carolina GOP Chair, Michael Whatley incredible NCAA wrestling champion, great guy. He wanted to stay back. I said, "You sure you don't want to come?" "I do want to come, but I really want you to win today, if you don't mind." I said, "Okay, you better stay back. If I see you here I'm going to be very angry." And they did their job, didn't they? This man is from the great state of Ohio, Congressman Jim Jordan. We're going to do this quickly, but it's just important that you get out and vote, they're two great people. I want to introduce the next member of Congress from North Carolina's third congressional district, just won a great race, Dr. Greg Murphy. Greg is a winner. So you know Greg would be great on jobs, all the things you want, tough on crime, strong on borders, pushing the wall, he'll be pushing it like nobody. We're building the wall but we're pushing it. It's like pulling teeth. We've got six lawsuits on the wall, we've won two of them, we're going to win others. But you think it's easy, don't you folks, you think this is easy? But we're building a lot of wall and we hope if we can win that final one, it's so important it's going before the Supreme Court, we'll have over 400 miles of wall built by the end of next year. So go out, get Greg elected. Great victory, by the way, that was a great primary and a great victory. That same day there's another crucial election in North Carolina's 9th… Right, you know what we're talking about? 9th, I know it's not here, but it's very close, right? 9th Congressional district. The Democrat in the race is an ultra liberal named Dan McCready, he wants to take away your guns, he wants to raise you taxes, he doesn't care about borders, he likes open borders. And he really admires socialism, I don't think that works too well in North Carolina. Doesn't work too well in our country. We're joined tonight by the Republican candidate who is really a special man, a great man, he's going to be a great, great Congressman, Dan Bishop. Dan? Thank you, Dan. Thank you Dan. And he will indeed defend your values, your family, and he will always defend our second amendment unlike the opponents. They're really into destroying our second amendment. Who've been violently operating for more than 10 years, we got them all, we think they are no good. With conducting brutal, medieval style killings, you know what medieval style is? Okay. Little pieces, little pieces, little pieces, medieval style, including the dismemberment of their victims, and they enjoyed every minute of it. These are sick people. When I call them animals, Nancy Pelosi said, "How dare he used that name? These are human beings." I don't think they're human beings. Most of those indicted were in our country illegally, 19 to be exact, 19 of 22. Think of that, they want to protect… These are savage beasts, these are savage killers, and they should've been brought out a long time ago by the Obama administration. We're bringing MS-13 out by the thousands, getting them the hell out of our county. And when you read about deportation and Sunday, we've got a lot of people on Sunday, but we have a lot of people… and we're always shooting for the bad ones first. Which makes sense, right, but when you hear about that, we always want to get… And by the way, do you know how dangerous it is for these ICE agents, these ICE and border patrol? But ICE, they go into a nest, they call it a nest, a nest of these killers. They're tough, they're smart, and you know what, they're great patriots, they love our country. The danger that they have is incredible. And I just want to salute… and I have to tell you, I want to salute ICE and border patrol, and I want to support and salute law enforcement in the United States. These are great people. These are great people and they don't get the credit that they deserve, but you know what? I tell them all the time, you have no idea how much the American people, the American public, you have no idea how much they love you and respect you, law enforcement. In the recent democratic debate, every single candidate, everyone, Biden was a little bit slower with the hand, it didn't work so well. They raised their hand in favor of giving free government healthcare. They raised their hand in giving a lot of other things that I don't think you're going to be happy with, illegal aliens will be very nicely covered. How about California, they just approved a $100 million? They just approved $100 million to take care of the needs of illegal immigrants, and then you look on the sidewalks of Los Angeles, the sidewalks of San Francisco, Nancy Pelosi's district, nobody's ever seen anything like it in the history of our country what's happening there. So if you don't want Democrats to raid your healthcare, to steal away your money, to bankrupt your country, then you have a choice, you must vote Republican. All American citizens, including millions and millions of legal immigrants who work hard to come into our country, who study, who wait on line sometimes for 10 years, and who respect our laws and follow the rules, they deserve a government that is loyal to them. They work hard. You can't say you love our country if you want to destroy it through open borders, open borders are a disaster. Human trafficking, the first time I heard as a politician, human trafficking, nobody talks about it, it sounded almost like an ancient crime, many, many years ago, hundreds of years, thousands of years ago, human trafficking, it's the worst now throughout the world because of the Internet, it's the worst it's ever been. And the worst treated of all, children, but it's women, women, the Democrats want to do nothing about it. Human trafficking is worse than it ever has been in the history of the world, not just… This is not a United States problem, this is all over the world. Human trafficking, it's a terrible, terrible thing and we got to solve it. Most of it comes through, in this country, our southern border where we don't have the wall. They're not going through our points, they're not going through areas where we have security, where we have guards, where we have gates, where we have all sorts of equipment, no, they ride through the desert and they make a left where you don't have the wall. It's so simple, everybody knows it. The Democrats all know it because five years ago before I was here, they all wanted it. Now they don't want it, you know why they don't want it? For political reasons, and you know what, it's going to cost them a lot of points in the election, I think probably cost them the election itself. Just lastly, Democrats also support deadly sanctuary cities which release violent criminal aliens onto our streets. Where we just picked up these 22 thugs, these 22 monsters, we just picked him up in, where, Los Angeles. Sanctuary city, wonderful sanctuary city. Thom Tillis senator recently introduced a bill to give American victims the right to pursue sanctuary cities and hold them accountable for the thousands of lives they have shattered, they've shattered these lives. Thank you very much Thom. Every nation has the right to establish and enforce immigration rules in it's national interest, it's very simple, isn't it? It's common sense, it's so simple and the voters understand that. We expect that those who seek to join our society will obey our laws, revere our constitution, cherish our history, support themselves financially, and embrace our American values and love our American flag. We believe in an immigration system based on merit, merit, where they come in. We have so many companies coming in, automobile companies, companies of all types, and we need workers. We actually need workers. We have the lowest unemployment rate that we've had in 51 years, soon it'll be the lowest ever. We need workers, but they have to come in where they can help our country. They have to come in based on merit, and we're putting in bills and let's see what happens. Otherwise, we'll just wait til we win back the house, win the Senate, win the Presidency, and we'll vote. Democrats have never been farther outside of the mainstream. They're going crazy folks, they're going crazy. More than 130 Democrats in Congress have signed up for Bernie Sanders total government takeover of healthcare, isn't that nice? This is one of the great… It won't happen, he knows that. The guy never passed the bill, he did nothing. He's actually not even a Democrat, isn't he an independent? I don't know, he's running but… He missed his time. Hey Bernie, let me save you a lot of time and effort, Bernie, you missed your time. It got taken from you four years ago, Bernie. Not doing too well. He's not doing too well, but that's okay. I got to hand it to him he's up there ranting and raving and going like a lunatic. I said to our first lady the other day, I was watching Bernie and he's screaming, his hair's all crazy, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do that, no more college loans, no more cost for anything. Nothing, you're not going to pay for anything. He's desperate now, he's desperate. You don't have to pay for anything. I joke, I said, "And everybody will get a free Rolls-Royce, every family gets a free Rolls-Royce, every family. And the media said, "Donald Trump is exaggerating. He knows that they're not getting a Rolls-Royce." I'm sorry, don't put it. Don't put that I said Free Rolls Royce. But Bernie's desperate now, I watch him up there it's a sad situation. But I think they're all sad when you get right down to it. For instance, we're in this incredible state North Carolina, that you have your best economy that you've ever had. Forget the country for a second, you have the best economy you've ever had, you have your best unemployment numbers, you had the most people working than at any time in the history of your state, you have your best black unemployment numbers, best Hispanic unemployment numbers, best women unemployment numbers, best Asian unemployment numbers. Whoever the opponent is, what are they going to do is just say, "North Carolina, I'm going to do a great job. You have the best numbers in the history of our country in your state, so I don't know, and we won by a lot. And we won by a lot I was telling Mike, I was telling my son Eric Trump and Lara's here, y the way, who was born in North Carolina. They do a good job. Lara, do you love this state? And her brother's here, I have to tell you, he went to this college. And Brad Parscale is here, the worlds tallest campaign manager in the history of the world. He's the tallest in the history, but most importantly, he's the best. The worlds tallest manager but he's the best manager. Thank you, Brad. Great job. And he just told me our poll numbers are through the roof, he just told me that so I'll take that. We are a year and a half away, but we're doing well, you see it. You'd know, you'd be the first to know. Number one, you wouldn't be here, you wouldn't be here. We haven't had an empty seat in any event, I don't believe, that we've ever been to, I don't think we've ever had… we always have people, we haven't had an empty seat. You look anywhere, North Carolina, Ohio, no matter where we go we pack it and we have thousands and thousands of people, we put screens outside. I know tonight's not so good, we got a hundred degrees out, but you still have thousands of people out there. We could have sold this arena out, you know that. We could have sold this arena out tonight 10 times, can you believe that? 10 times. I think that's like a poll, that's like a poll because when Biden goes out I see Sleepy Joe and he says, "They had 115 people show up, 115 people. That's our first row." The democratic record on healthcare is one of deception and destruction, the last administration said a lie. If you like your plan, you can keep your plan, if you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor, 28 times, a total lie. My administration is defending your sacred right to choose the doctor and the plan that you want, and we are offering plans up to 60% cheaper than Obamacare, and a lot of people are starting to figure that out. Better healthcare. And we'll also always protect… You have to remember this, you ready, because they give us a bum rap. Patients with preexisting conditions are protected by Republicans much more so than protected by Democrats who will never be able to pull it off. Preexisting conditions, and you know, the job we've done on healthcare, it's not talked about, but we're also doing something. It's been phenomenal, we have 180 million people right now really happy on private plans, and you know what, they're going to be taken away. Under the Democrats plan all of those people that are thrilled where they went out and negotiated cross state lines, all of the things they did, they went out, negotiated great private plans, it's all going to be taken away from you under this plan. Now, I only hope they don't change because we're talking too soon, we got a year and a half left. It's like when I called Pocahontas, Pocahontas, I should've waited six months because she then went out and got that test. 1024th, and I've always said I have more Indian blood in me than she has in her, and I have none. I have none, but it's more than she has, 1024. I brought it up too soon so I don't talk about it anymore, but if she should be the candidate, which I tend to doubt, but if she should be we'll bring it up again and I think it will be very successful. 1024, how about this, I was driving her crazy, so she went out and hired a guy to check the blood. I'm sure he had a lot of fun doing that. He checked her blood and found out that many, many, many, many, many, many years ago, there could have been somebody and he could have been Indian. And then the Indians got together and they said, "We don't want her." We want Trump, we want Trump, they want Trump. We've taken historic action to fight the opioid epidemic, what a problem, and just today it was just announced before I came in, that drug overdose deaths… we're working so hard on this, including our vice president, including our first lady, including everybody in the Trump administration, it's dropped for the first time in more than 30 years, it's gone down. First time, it was a big problem. And in North Carolina and we're far from finished, it's a big problem, it declined 8% last year. That's a lot because it was just going up like a rocket. Virtually every top Democrat also now supports late term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mother's womb right up until the moment of birth. Well then you have the gentleman from… our governor from Virginia, so we're talking about late term, he's talking about the baby is born before the mother makes the decision. That's the first I've heard of it, that's the first most of you have heard of it, and then they pass legislation in various states saying that's okay. This is a baby that's born, this isn't late term. This is a baby that's born. Nobody's ever heard anything like that, nobody's ever seen anything like it. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. And that actually, when he had the scandal, that became, can you believe it? The second biggest story. Can you believe that, how important it is and yet that was the second biggest story, and what a shame when that's the second biggest story. What happened to our values? Republicans believe that every life is a sacred gift of God. That's why I've asked Congress to prohibit extreme late term abortion of babies. Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late term abortion intolerance and division. The Republican Party is the party for all Americans and American values. We are the party of the American worker, the American family, and we are the party of the American dream. This is the proud banner the Republican Party will carry into the Republican National Convention next summer in the great city of Charlotte, North Carolina. Don't disappoint me, that should be good for at least 10 points, right? These are some of the greatest ladies, I see them in Ohio, and Florida. We love you too, thank you, really. How many have you been to, just out of curiosity? What's the number? All but two, I've done hundreds of them. And then they say women don't like Trump, I think they do. Now I see them, they're great. Great ladies, you're great. It's interesting with women, so women want to have a strong military protection, they want to have strong borders, they want to have strong law enforcement, they want to have great education, they want to have low taxes for their family, not high taxes. They want to have all the things that we talk about, why wouldn't they want Trump more than anybody else? The other side is going to go the opposite. And they did in the last election, and we're doing a lot better. The difference is, the last election I was a successful businessman running for president, I said I was going to do things. And by the way, really successful. I'm going to show you something someday soon, I'm going to show you something. They say he was really successful, he wasn't successful, he's really smart, or he's really stupid but he's trying to take over the world. They have so many messages, he's really stupid, then next week, Donald Trump has a sinister plot to take over the world, he can't be too stupid, because they actually think it's working. I saw one of these so-called comedians the other day and he's a pretty respected comedian, he said, he's not leaving. I'm telling you, he's not leaving, he'll never live. He'll win this election and in 24′, I'm telling you, he's not leaving. He's going to stay. So we did through our friend Dan Scavino, we did a Time Magazine cover. I was on so many times, I don't even read this thing, and it says, Trump, 2014, 2018. But it says 20 here's where we go, we start at 16, we go to 20, we go to 24, did you see it? Then it says 28, 32, 36, 40, 42. No, we don't need any more time. We don't need any more time, we need one more. A senator came to my office, sir, I'm six foot seven, I'm great. I'm six foot seven so I can give you great advice. I said, "Senator, I'm one for one but it happened to be the president." And now I want to be two for two, two for two. Two for two, so we have 16, we have 20, we have 24, and you know what's very interesting though? They were really people out there think I'm not leaving, can you believe it? Hey, maybe that is a good idea, let's think about it. Watch, you want to drive them crazy, they're going to go crazy. All I have to do is say, "Let's think about it. They're going to go crazy. No, I promise 2024, I leave. By that time, just so you know, by that time our country will be so well seated, it will be so strong like never, ever, in our history. But everything that we built, low taxes, strong military, taking care of our vets, all of the things we've done can be decimated very quickly if the wrong person gets in especially now. I've always said 2016 was the most important election maybe in the history of our country, a lot of people felt that. So I don't know, I can't say this is more important, what we did was a miracle. Not to us it wasn't, but a lot of people said it was the greatest election we've ever had. There's never been anything like it, never been such excitement. Never been such excitement. But you know what, if we don't win in 2020 everything that we've done, seriously though, everything that we've done, your 401's are going to crash, the whole thing, it's going to come down like a stack of cards. So, in a certain way, let's say this is of equal importance, by that time we'll have values instilled, we'll have free enterprise instilled, people are working now. We have the lowest food stamps that we've had in many years, lowest food stamps because people are working. So I really think it's at least equal, it's equal, maybe it's a little less, who the hell knows? I just know this, it can disappear very, very quickly. We have to get out, we have to vote. That's why I'm starting early, can you believe it? We have less… I see all these clowns on television I say I guess we have to counteract them a little bit, but this is not what you want running, none of them, this is not what you want running this incredible country of ours. Every day we make good on the motto, promises made, promises kept. I've had people back there that don't like me and somebody said, very nicely, that he's actually made certain promises and he's actually kept more promises than he's made. It's true. I've done things that I never… I never said we were going to get, as an example with our vets, that we going to get, Joyce, that we were going to have the ability to fire people that don't treat our vets properly. We can fire them now. They've been trying to get that for 44 years, Joyce had been trying to get practically from the beginning, Joyce's so simple and yet they never got it, nobody got it through. We're good at getting things through. We've done more than we said we would. A man I know, who I don't like, a businessman, very, very, very successful, one of the most successful but I don't like him, never liked him. He never liked me, by the way. In fact, I would go a step further, he cannot stand me. And I saw him about two months ago and he came up to me, I said, "How are you doing?" Very warm, hey, how you doing? Let's get out of here. And he said, "I'm doing good, you're doing good?" I said, "Yeah." I said, "You don't like me, and I don't like you. I never have liked you, and you never have liked me, but you're going to support me because you're a rich guy. And if you don't support me you're going to be so goddamn poor you're not going to believe it." And he said to me, "Mr. President." He calls me Mr. President, everybody calls me Mr. President, it's true, it's a funny thing. He said, "Mr. President, you're right, I'm supporting you, I think you're doing a great job. And maybe we didn't get along." But it's not like he has a choice, he has no choice. And on top of that, it's a good choice because we've done the right thing. And it is funny with the name Mr. President, I have friends, really good friends, and they've always called me Don, Donald, D, they call me anything, and you lose all your friends when you're president because they're all afraid to talk to you, does that make sense? No, it's true. Except for these six, seven, ladies up here, they always talk. They're not intimidated. No, it's true, I have guys, I have wonderful friends, New York developers, tough guys, smart guys, they're rich, they're this, that. I have middle of the road, I have poor, I have everybody. I have poor guys, middle of the road, and rich guys, doesn't matter. Rich guys call up, "Mr. President, how are you sir? It's Richard." Oh, good, Rich, hey Richard, loosen up. This is a guy who used to, "Hey Don, how you doing? Let's go to dinner." Now you're, "Sir, is everything… you're doing good, sir." I said, "Richard, call me Donald like you always did, call me Donald. Always call me Donald." Okay, thank you Donald, thank you very much. And then two minutes later, Mr President, it's been so great to… I lost all my friends. They've tightened up, they've choked. You know what that is, they choked. They can't breathe because people have such respect for the office of the presidency, they have respect for the office of the president. They have respect for our country again, our country is respected again. We've confirmed more than 125 federal judges to apply the law as written, including two supreme court justices, Neil Gorsuch and Brett Kavanaugh. We've launched a historic initiative to reduce the price of prescription drugs, and last year, I'm so proud of this because we have no help from the Democrats. Last year, for the first time in over 50 years, drug prices went down. And that was for a reason. To give former prisoners a second chance at life, we passed groundbreaking, criminal justice reform. It's a big thing, prisoners they've gotten out of jail and they never had an economy like this. We did a lot of things, because they get out jail they don't have a chance. They always go back, most of the time. Now they're coming out and we have programs, but most of all we have this great economy where people are hiring prisoners, and you have to see the reviews they're getting, they getting phenomenal reviews. It's a beautiful thing, it's a beautiful thing what's happening with prisoners, they get out and they can actually get a job and that's what's happening and we're very proud of them. We're expanding opportunities zone so that no American is left behind, it's one of the great successes the opportunity zones. Nobody talks about it, it's one of the great successes. And thanks to our pledge to America's workers, private sector partners will provide apprenticeships and job training to 9 million Americans, isn't that nice? Whenever I hear that word apprentice, I say I love that word, that was a good show. They figured, you know what we'll do, we'll get Arnold Schwarzenegger to take my place, that didn't work out too well. That didn't work out too well, we had 14 seasons, think of that, The Apprentice. I've proudly signed for bi-partisan human trafficking laws securing $400 million dollars to support victims of human trafficking. And we have secured, soon to be three years, record funding for our military. We want to cut budgets, but this is beyond budget. I withdrew the United States from the horrible, one-sided, disgusting Iran nuclear deal, and Iran is a different country today than it was. My administration proudly recognized the true capitol of Israel and opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem. That was some day, they all said, "Many, many presidents have said, "We're going to do it." Then they never did." I know why, because the pressure on them was enormous not to do it. And then on top of it, a couple of months ago, I just approved the Golan Heights for Israel. The Golan Heights, another thing. 52 years they tried to do that, they didn't get it done, so we're doing good. We also recognize the legitimate government of Venezuela and we condemn those that want to stop freedom in that country and other countries. Tonight we renew our resolve that America will never be a socialist country, will never, ever, be a socialist country, it just won't happen. A vote for any Democrat in 2020 is a vote for the rise of radical socialism and the destruction of the American dream. Frankly, the destruction of our country, that's what's going to happen. Take a look around, their party is afflicted with an ideological sickness that protects foreign borders, but refuses to protect our own borders. Think of it, they fight all over though a lot of those people are coming back home folks, they're coming back home a lot. We defeated ISIS, the Caliphate in Syria, we're bringing our soldiers back home. ISIS does not like me too much, but I came here and it was a mess. It was a mess. I met with generals, general believe it or not, one general, his name is Raisin. I said, "What's your name?" Sir. This guy's like out of a movie. Watch, he's going to be famous after this but who cares? What's your name? And he goes, "Sir, my name is Raisin." I said, "Raisin, like you mean a little raisin?". Yes sir, it's my name, that's what they call me. What's your last name? Kane. I said, "You mean your name is Raisin Kane?" I said, Raisin Kane, you're my kind of general. Let me talk to you Raisin Kane, get over here." And my previous general said, "It's going to be a long time before we take out the caliphate." I said, did Raisin Kane and a couple of other generals that were there, these guys are central casting like from a movie, except better. They're stronger, bigger, tougher, meaner, and actually better looking in a certain way. But they're like from a movie, there is nobody in Hollywood plays a role like this. I said, "Generals, I've been told it's going take a year, two years, to get a 100%." Remember I want to pull them out, we're down to 1%, and everyone went crazy, explain that one. But they said it was going to take a long time. I said to Raisin Kane and the other generals, "General, how long can it take? They said, "Sir, one month." I said, "What?" We're going to hit them from the front, we're going to hit them from the back, we're going to hit them from the, sir, we're going to hit them like they never got hit before, we were never allowed to do this. And we're not just going to hit them from our temporary base in Syria, sir, we're going to hit him from Iraq, we're going to hit them from places that they never knew existed, sir. They'll be hit so Goddamn hard sir, they will be… Thank you very much. Very shortly, very, very shortly, it was over, we had a 100% of the Caliphate, and these people we're screwing around for years. Obama, President Obama. My generals did a great job, I flew there, I flew to Iraq, remember? I'm an Air Force One and they notified me, "Sir, we're 45 minutes out, sir. We have to close all windows, we have to turn off all lights in the plane, sir. All windows, all lights have to be off, sir. We're turning off the lights outside and the runway light, sir. They going to be in a very dim"… Frankly, if you're not at 30-year old pilot you can't see them, because I went there, I said, "I don't see any light pilot." As we're landing, I said, "I don't see." And then I thought to myself, think of it, we've spent almost $8 trillion in the Middle East and we got to turn off the lights of an airplane to land, how bad is that? They didn't do their job. We did our job, and the military did their job. But we fight to short of just keep going, we don't fight to win, I fight to win. I fight to win. So we land in this big, beautiful Air Force One and I'm saying, "Major, I don't see a runway." Yes sir, it's right up ahead, the guy's 30 years old or something. They'll get me that, they'll say majors aren't 30, maybe he's 35 whatever he is. They're saying, "Yes sir, it's right there." I don't see it major, how about lifting up, let's go around. That's the last thing we want to do in that part of the world. He said, "Sir, it's right there, sir." And we're landing and I still haven't seen a light. But these guys, we have the greatest pilots in the world, we have the greatest military in the world, we have the greatest equipment in the world. So you must never forget the 2020 election is all about one thing, you. It's about you. It's about your family, it's about your future, and the fate of your beautiful, loving, country, and that's what it is. We begin our North Carolina campaign with the best record, the best results, the best agenda, and the only positive vision for our nation's future. We love our nation, our nation is great today. It's going to be much greater, every year it's getting better, and better. We have turned this big, beautiful, mighty ship, we have turned it around, it's getting better, better, better. Together we will continue on unleashing the power of American enterprise so every American can know the dignity of work and the pride of a paycheck positive vision for our nation's future. We love our nation, our nation is great today. It's going to be much greater, every year it's getting better, and better. We have turned this big, beautiful, mighty ship, we have turned it around. It's getting better, better, better. Together we will continue unleashing the power of American enterprise so every American can know the dignity of work and the pride of a paycheck. With your help, we will elect a Republican Congress, those great gentlemen that just left the stage. To create a safe, modern, fair and lawful system of immigration, we will enact trade deals and they are going like you won't even believe. That doesn't mean the other countries are thrilled with me, there was a recent poll, Germany likes Obama better than Trump. A lot better. I said, "Of course, because I'm making them pay their bills." I'm saying you got to pay. I say, "Anguilla, Anguilla, you got to pay, Anguilla." Obama would go in, make a speech, leave. I go in and make a speech, I say, Let me speak to Anguilla. Anguilla you got to pay your bills, you're way behind." So I would think that they should, they should all like… When you hear they like me better, I'm not doing my job. It's true, I'm not doing my job. They did a poll on one of these networks, and they would say, "Donald Trump is not liked in Europe nearly as much as President Obama." I said, "Or President Bush, or anybody." In fact I'm disliked, but actually they respect us, that's more important. Look at that beautiful baby, look at that beautiful baby. Wow, what a baby? What a baby? That is a beautiful baby. That's like from an advertisement, perfect. Look how happy that baby is, so beautiful. Thank you darling, that's really nice. It's a great thing, is that your husband? That's a great thing, thank you. Congratulations husband. What a picture? But we're going to have the country all set for your child, okay? Awesome, because that's what it's about. Now the media will say that's a prop, they say no baby is so beautiful. That had to be a set up. I never saw that guy in my life, which is true. Thank you. Good luck. Thank you very much. We will enact trade deals that ensure more products are proudly stamped with those four beautiful words, made in America, made in the USA, either one is okay with me. Keep America great, that's right. We will give school choice to millions of underserved children who are trapped in failing government schools. We will defend privacy, free speech, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms. They're going to take your guns away. Above all, we will never stop fighting for the values that bind us together as one great nation, as one America. It's one America. We believe in the American constitution and we believe in the rule of law, we believe in the dignity of work and in the sanctity of life. We believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy, are the true American way. We believe that children, like your child, should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag. And we live by the words of our national motto, "In God we trust." We are fighting for every American mom and dad who wants to protect this land of liberty for their precious children. We have been blessed with the greatest republic on the face of the earth, but it was going in the wrong direction, and now we are turning it around, it is going better than ever before and we going to keep it that way. We're going to keep it that way. With your help, with your devotion, with your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning. We are one movement, one movement, think of that, we are one big beautiful movement. There has never been a movement like this, you don't hear it that often. They know it but you don't hear… In the history of our country, there has never been a movement like this, and this movement is stronger now than it was three years ago. This is the strongest movement in the history of our country. But we are, we're one movement, we're one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. We're doing things that nobody thought was possible, no other nation thought it was possible what we're doing. We are so respected, you have no idea how our nation has gone so far up in the eyes and the minds of the rest of the world. So respected. Because together, we will make America wealthy again, of course, we did just hit the highest price in the history of the market. So pretty soon, and I hate to say, I don't want to ruin the rhetorical skill, but that is sort of like getting a little obsolete, we will make our nation wealthy again. The fact is we have the strongest stock market in our history, so I think I'll have to change it. You've all heard it many times, right, we will make America wealthy again, we're going to have to say, "We have made America wealthy again." So here's one, we will make America strong again. No, no, we're going to have to change this, we have made America strong again. And just so you know, we have made America great again. Give up MAGA. How do you give up MAGA? Make America great again, but we've done that. Can you imagine if keep America great didn't work? I had the greatest phrase probably in the history of politics in this country. Look at her beautiful hat, it looks very good on you. But look at this, look at those beautiful hats. Make America great again, but we've done that. Our new phrase for the 2020 campaign is, "Keep America Great." Thank you.
Thank you, thank you. Wow. Wow, and I'm thrilled to be here with you in Henderson. Thousands of loyal, hard-working, great American patriots. And 51 days from now, we're going to win Nevada, and we're going to win four more years in the White House. And after we win four more years, we'll ask for maybe another four or so. Well, thank you very much. Whenever I say that … Look at all that news back there, look at all that fake news. When I say that, their heads explode. Our movement is pro-jobs, pro-worker, pro-police, and 100% pro-American. As we begin tonight, our thoughts are with the two sheriff's deputies in Los Angeles who were fighting for their lives when a vicious criminal walked up to their vehicle and shot them at point blank range. Tonight, we send our love and our support to their families, and we pray to God for their recovery. The radical left in America is waging open war on law enforcement. Hundreds of officers nationwide have been injured in left-wing riots and mobs. You see it, you see it all the time. Please, sit down. Please, let's have a little fun. We got plenty of time. I mean, here it is. I mean, what do we have? Football is boring as hell. It's just not the same. Right? I don't know. Used to be people would say, "Hey, could you keep it away from a football game?" Now they're saying, "Could you possibly do it during the football game?" We have some free time. But during violent demonstrations in Las Vegas, a 29-year-old police officer, you know this very well, was deliberately shot in the head, leaving the young, brave officer paralyzed, yet, Sleepy Joe Biden and his supporters continue their dangerous war on the police. They're putting the lives of our brave officers directly in harm's way. At his convention, he never even mentioned the words, "law and order", never mentioned them once. Now, he's all of a sudden, his polls are dropping like a rock, and he's starting to say, "But we need law and order." And then he goes back into the basement for four days. What happens to this guy? I know what happens to him. He's shot. That's what happened to him. Every once in a while, the great Dana White … Does anybody know Dana White? He's got some champions with him tonight. He's here. I got to introduce him. But every once in a while, I'll ask him, "What happened to that guy?" He said, "Sir, he's been shot for the last … long time." Should have left a long time ago. That's Joe Biden. Joe Biden, he's shot, and everybody knows it. And you know what? They ought to be ashamed, because they do interviews with him, they give him the questions, and they let him read the answer from a teleprompter, and that's the fake news. It is. How about the other day? Could you move that a little bit closer. See these things? Move it a little bit. I must tell you at great peril, I used them seldom, but those are the times we have the best fun too, I will say. And that's actually when we learn the most. For the entire summer, Biden was silent as left-wing mobs assaulted police officers. When Biden's far-left supporters set fire to police cars and precinct stations, court houses, Joe Biden called them peaceful protestors. Right? They call them peaceful protestors. And when we go to these radical-left place that are having problems, because everyone … look at the top-10. You go back … go top-20, top-30. Take a look. Democrat-run, radical left-wing, Democrat, usually run. Not Republican-run, Democrat-run. And we go back, and we take a look. We want to give them help. They don't want help. But when they do ask for help, and when they do, we go in. Like Minneapolis, the National Guard went in, took 35 minutes to quell a situation that went on for two weeks. They knew we were going in to Seattle. We told them, "We're going in tomorrow morning." And so, they sent them in. They didn't want that to happen, and we let the protestors know, or whatever you call them. They're really anarchists, they're not protestors. So we let the anarchists know that we were going in with approximately 10,000 very tough people, and they immediately raised their hands, and the Seattle police, who by the way, could do a great job if they were let to do their job, but they're not, they're not. And as you know, in Portland, the other day, we had to send in the US Marshalls. A man, who's a bad guy, bad guy, shot somebody right in the middle of the street, who they say was a very fine young man. Shot him, killed him. Just shot him like … It was on television. Two-and-a-half days, nothing happened. I said, "What's going on?" We sent in the US Marshalls. It was taken care of in 15 minutes. Okay? 15 minutes. When asked if he would cut police funding, Sleepy Joe said, "Absolutely, yes, I would." Now he's trying to change his mind. You ever see a guy … He changed his mind on fracking. Okay? "There will be no fracking." You know that? He went all throughout the debates. He doesn't even know what fracking is, I guarantee you. He was told to say that by Bernie and the radical left and his vice president. By the way, how bad is she? She is the worst. We're going to have a woman president some day. Not going to be her, not going to be her. And that's no way to attain the office. We got in there because Sleepy Joe couldn't handle it anymore. Joe is bad primetime. See, the reason I can talk so badly about him, because he did an ad, where he had me standing over the grave and the graves of our fallen heroes from many years ago, and they said … And nobody loves the military more. Look what I've done for them, $2.5 trillion. And in the ad, they have me saying horrible things in front of other people. Nobody would have put up with that. It's called disinformation. They make up a total lie, they put it out, then they do ads. So once he did that, I said, "Now, really, look, it's okay. It's okay, because now the gloves are off." I can say that this man is totally unfit to be president. Up here, he's totally unfit. He can't be your president. I've gotten to know President Xi of China. I've gotten to know President Putin of Russia. And by the way, getting along with them is good. Although China, I must tell you, got a real problem with China. What they did with us, we can never forget that. We made a great trade deal. The ink wasn't dry when the plague came in from China. They stopped it from going into China, but they didn't stop it from going into our country, Europe and the rest of the world. Okay? They could have done that. But you see, I deal with all of these people, and they don't have the kind of mental problem that Sleepy Joe has. They're very sharp. Kim Jong-un. Kim Jong-un doesn't know about the problems that Joe has. We need very sharp people. I'm sorry. Joe is not qualified for this position. Joe calls for abolishing cash bail and closing your prisons. He wants to close prisons, and he even called law enforcement the enemy recently. You saw that? The enemy, until his polls started dropping. Then all of a sudden, he said, "No, we love law enforcement." I think I've gotten every major law enforcement group in the country, right? You saw recently, I got New York's finest. And they are New York's finest, but they're not allowed to do their job. They're not allowed. We have a radical left mayor who has no clue. He has no clue what's happening to that poor city. I love that city. What's happening to that city. 300% up. Look, 300% in certain very bad crimes, New York. There's no reason for this, and we have the greatest police. They're great. New York's finest, they endorsed me. Chicago, Fraternal Order of Police. Chicago endorsed me, Oklahoma endorsed me, Texas endorsed me, Florida endorsed me. Every place endorsed me. And if you think it's easy for New York and Chicago and these different places … Ohio endorsed me. If you think it's easy for these guys. They never endorse. New York, they said they cannot remember ever having endorsed a presidential candidate. They endorsed me, and they're against their radical left culture that's destroying the city. So I was very honored. But how about Chicago? Do you think it's easy for these great police in Chicago to endorse me? It's not easy, but they felt that they had an obligation to do it. So it just happened. I'm just very honored by it. And Biden's anti-police crusade must stop. It's got to stop, it's got to stop now. Furthermore, the corporations, these poor, stupid people that run the … They got paid a lot of money. They're weak, ineffective people, let's face it. They're funding anti-police organizations and other organizations that are … It's so embarrassing. And I don't mean for a little. They gave $100 million and 250 … You're talking about serious money. You're talking about serious money, and that money is not used for good reasons. And these stupid corporations … and they'll be the first to go if the radical left ever took … They'd throw those guys out like they were nothing. If they were lucky, they'd just be thrown out. It would probably be a lot rougher than that. These people don't know what they're getting into. But instead of giving money, they should give money to the families of the crime victims and the fallen officers. That's what they should do. So in the Republican Party, we know that police officers are not villains, but the heroes who risk their lives to keep us safe. And they guard … The thing that's incredible … I know so many police, they're so good, one bad apple, and they're on for months. One bad apple, they go on for months. The thousands and tens of thousands of good things, nobody talks about it. These are great people that have done a great job, and we have to support our law enforcement. So Biden wants to appease the domestic terrorists, and my plan is to arrest domestic terrorists. Okay? And we also believe that if you murder a police officer, you should receive the death penalty, and that's something that's very important fine people. I mean, they're in very grave condition, as you know. Fine people. He's an animal, and I called him an animal, and I was criticized by people, calling him an animal. They said he's a human being. He's not a human being. He's an animal. He's not a human being. Joe Biden opposes the death penalty even for cops who … I mean, look, you have to see, even for these cop killers who go around, the predators, they murder children. People like the Boston bomber. He opposes the death penalty for the Boston bomber. He wants to give prisoners a vote. He wants to have the Boston bomber be able to vote. I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't think so. You know who's thought of that? Bernie Sanders, Crazy Bernie. He wants to have … Crazy Bernie, he says, "No, no, they have to vote." So they asked him, "Well, does that mean every … " That means everybody that's in prisons should be entitled to a vote, right? So they actually said, "Well, what about the Boston bomber? Should he entitled?" And Bernie goes, "Yeah, he should be entitled." Bernie is crazy. But the fact is, that we got a lot of Bernie votes four years ago, because Bernie's right about one thing, trade. Because all of these countries, friend and foe, they ripoff the United States. We have made so many great trade deals, and you see it, USMCA. We got rid of NAFTA. So many. But Biden is too weak to be president, and he's not a smart person. And by the way, he wasn't smart 25 years ago. Everybody knew it. Now we don't even have to discuss the matter. But I was going to say, when he put that ad up, we told him to take it down. When he put that ad up, that dishonored our fallen heroes. They are great, great heroes of mine, of yours, of everybody's. I know really bad people. No bad person, the worst person I know, I know some beauties from New York. I know some developers in New York actually. Nobody would say what they said. They made it up. It was a made up statement, and they put it up in the form an ad, from a third-rate magazine, who's best friend is Obama, who, by the way, got caught spying on my campaign. He got caught. We caught him cold. We have him cold. Now let's see what happens. Now the Republicans, it's interesting, we have much better policy, but the Republicans, they don't fight like Colby. You know who Colby is. You're going to say hello to Colby. They don't fight like Colby. They don't fight to win. Better policy, but they don't have that vicious streak. If this were reversed, they would be in jail for two years already, and it would be for a 50-year term for treason. That's what it would be. Okay? But Biden's too scared to stand up to the crazy socialists and never will. He'll never have the strength, and he's going downhill fast. It's going to be very interesting. And I called for a drug test, because you know what? I want a drug test, because we don't want to have a situation like we could have with this guy. I watched him in debates with other 24 lunatics, and he was so bad. No, he was so bad. Maybe he'll win because they don't like me, they don't like my personality. But I hate to say it, I'm what you need. I'm what you need. We love you. We love you. We love you. We love you. We love you. We love you. We love you. But if Biden ever did win, he would surrender your country to the mob. You know that. And he will have nothing to do with it. It's not him. I mean, he's being … He's going to be pushed around. And she's, by the way, just so you know what you're going to get. She's considered far more liberal than Bernie Sanders. How about that? That's what you're going to have. I don't think your state is into that. Unlike Biden, I'll always stand with the heroes of law enforcement. And I'm deeply honored to have gotten all of those endorsements. That to me is a really big deal. That to me is really a big deal. And I just want to thank all of them, including the National Troopers Association and Coalition just came in. We also received the endorsement, total and complete endorsement from the Public Safety Alliance of Nevada, and the Las Vegas Police Protective Association from Nevada. And I want to thank for that, Steve Grammar, who's with us tonight. Where's Steve? Was Steve here? Steve, thank you. Thank you. That's a big deal. Make sure they get out and vote, Steve, because they're playing around with the ballots. Okay? You know your governor. So we had many sites, by the way, all exterior sites, all outside. Today, you'll hear these phoneys back there. Well, look at that. Now today you're going to hear them. They'll say, "Oh, it was in …" Well, the reason it was, we had five sites, all outside sites, like last night. Tremendous room. And a great gentleman who owns this building said, "You know what? What they're doing is really unfair. You can use my building, Don. I want to thank you, Don." I want to thank you. This is the most important election in the history of our country. At no time before has there been a clearer choice between two parties, two visions, two philosophies, two agendas for the future. Joe Biden has spent the last 47 years selling out America. Look at what he's done. Everything he's done was wrong. He always voted the wrong way. Even his secretary of defense, his secretary of state, they said he always voted the wrong way. He was off shoring your jobs, throwing open your borders, depleting our military, and sacrificing your children's future to China and other faraway lands. I've spent the last four … He says … Only in Nevada can you have … I would never say it. What did you say? Okay. This way I can't get in trouble. I've spent the last four years bringing our jobs back to America, securing our borders, rebuilding our military, and standing up to China like no other president has ever done. If Biden wins, China wins. If Biden wins, the mob wins. If Biden wins the rioters and anarchists, and … Look, you see what's going on. The arsonists and flag burners. How about the flag burning? I would love- I would love to have a law … This is so sad what's going on. When I see the American flag burn, I get so angry. I get so angry. I would love to have a law. It has to go through a big process. You burn the flag, you go to jail for one year. I would love to see it. I would love to see it. I would love to see it. I would love to see it. If I were a Congressman or Senator, I'd be in there with that one. You know, they'll say, "Oh, freedom of speech." That's not freedom of speech. You burn the flag, you should go to jail for one year. I really mean that. They'll say, "Oh, it's horrible. He's against free speech." No, no, we're not. We're not against free speech. But I'm running for reelection to bring back the tremendous prosperity that we enjoyed before the plague came in, and it's happening very fast. And I'm running for your state. I love this state. You know, I put a lot of money in this state and it's been a great investment. And we want to keep this state strong. Not for that reason, by the way, for other reasons, because this is a great place. You have a governor right now who's a political hack. We want to put violent criminals behind bars. And tell you governor to open up your state, by the way. Open up your state. You know, just so you know, these shutdowns, we did the right thing. We had the greatest economy in the history of the world. They came in, they … We were all seeing what was happening. We closed up. I mean, you know, you're presiding over the greatest economy in history and a group of very smart people walk in and say, "Sir, we have to close it." And we did the right thing. We closed it. Well, actually he didn't think we should close it yet. But later on, he said, "We did the right thing." We closed it. We closed it. We saved millions of lives. If we wouldn't have closed it, we would've been talking two and a half or three million. We're at 180. It's far too much. But we would have been talking about … It would've been unacceptable, unsustainable. It would've been so bad. Think of it. We're at 180,000. Other countries are doing terribly. Did you see the statistics of us compared to other countries? Us compared to Europe? We have done an incredible job. We get absolutely no credit for the job we've done. And I don't want it myself, but I want it for the admirals and the generals and Mike Pence. And Joe Biden was against it. Remember? He was totally against closing. He said, "Oh, he's xenophobic." I'm xenophobic? I wanted it closed and nobody else did. At that time, nobody else did. I was way early. You know, they say, "He didn't act fast." I was months early. Nancy Pelosi was a month and a half later saying, "Come to Chinatown. Let's come to Chinatown." And Sleepy Joe was totally … He thought what I was doing was terrible. Then all of a sudden, now I see him saying, "He should have closed it earlier." This guy … You know, the great thing about the age in which we live? It's all down in tape. It's all down. I got a reel on him. We call it Biden's Best. You got to hear this. But we want to ensure the future of America, not the future of China and other countries, because if we win, America wins, and it's all about America first. You've had presidents, they never put America first. They didn't put America first. They didn't take care of our country, but we're taking care of our country. Now, Joe Biden cannot lead our country because he really doesn't believe, truly, in our country. But I think that's a very strong statement. I don't think he has a clue. I'll be honest. The people that push him around don't believe in our country, because he agreed to a manifesto with crazy Bernie, right? It's called the manifesto. You know why it's called the manifesto? Because this is beyond socialism. This is a word that starts with a C, not and S. That's where they're coming from. That's where they're coming from. At Biden's convention they decried America wicked. And they were saying it's wicked sinful. It's destined for a fate of doom and despair. That was, by the way, that was the most depressing convention. We had a great convention. We had a great convention. They actually said that America wasn't great. They actually said that America was never great. You know who said that? Cuomo, the governor of New York, said America wasn't great. I don't know if he's going to get away with that one. That's going to haunt him. That's going to haunt him. America wasn't great. Him and his brother, Fredo. You ever watch Fredo? His ratings aren't very good, so you probably don't. But we know the truth. America's the most exceptional nation on Earth. And our destiny is blessed by God. We love this nation with all of our heart and soul, and we will always take care of our nation. You know, we have a little expression, "Make America Great Again." That's what's happened. And you know, we had it done. Now I say, "Make America Great Again, Again." Comma. I go comma again. And that's what we're doing at a record clip. They've never had a clip like this with the jobs and everything else. You see the numbers. On November 3rd, Nevada will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity, and we're doing it. We're going to have a tremendous year next year. Or whether we'll allow Joe Biden and the group of handlers to impose a $4 trillion tax hike, ban American energy, destroy our suburbs, demolish our second amendment, and indoctrinate your children with a poisonous anti-American lie. Yeah. Get him out of here, would you please? Under my leadership we built the greatest economy in the world. He's going home to mom. And now we're doing it again. We're developing a vaccine in record time. The other administration would have been years, and we're almost there. It's going to be announced very soon. We'll be ready before the end of the year. And we will very easily defeat the China virus. That's what's happening. And we're already making that turn. We're making that round beautiful last turn, but it should have never happened. China should have never let that happen. They should have stopped it in China. Under my administration, before the virus, we quickly achieved the lowest unemployment rate in Nevada's history. And we'll soon be there again. You see what's happening. A guy like Biden would totally eradicate Nevada's economy. He would make it impossible for you to compete. And he's already said if the doctor suggested, he would shut down the country again. We're not shutting down our country. A shutdown we'll destroy the lives and dreams of tens of millions of American. Look the Americans, you know, on the other side if you look at these shutdowns, and you're living through it right now. You know, there aren't many states that are shut down. They're all Democrats. North Carolina, your state. But North Carolina, we're not … You take a look at North Carolina. Pennsylvania shut down. Every one of them that are shut down are doing not well. They're not doing well. And they all have Democrat governors. And you know, when you look at the suicide rates, when you look at all of the suicide, all of the domestic violence, the drugs, all of the problems, we can't have it. We can't have it. Open up your state. You got to open up your state. It's all political. It's all political. It's all political. On November 4th, they'll announce, "We're going to open up the states." They're only doing it to affect your November 3rd great election. Most important election. Biden will always do whatever the radical left demands. And if elected, his radical supporters won't just be causing mayhem on the streets. They'll be running the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security. And by the way, the United States Supreme Court. And we will have a very different country. You know, the next president probably will have anywhere one, two, three, or four Supreme Court justices. If you want your second amendment, if you want life, if you want so many other things, even having to do with your military, even having to do with your vets, if you want things, if you want, you've got to have the court. Because they'll last for 25, 30, 40 years. They're put on as young people and they stay a long time. Our country will never be the same. We'll never be able to recover from it. So you got to get out on November 3rd or early voting. You got to get out and vote. And you could send your ballot, and then you have to check that your ballot's counted because they might not count your ballot in this state. They may not count your ballot. But we're looking to save and we're going to save America. We're not going to let that happen. So we're joined tonight by two terrific congressional candidates that have been just incredible in the job they've done. You see it. I mean, you've seen it all the way. The job they've done in their campaign. They beat people that were very good, very talented, great politicians, and they won. Dan, where is he? Dan Rodimer. Dan Rodimer. Dan Rodimer. And we're with you all the way, Dan. And Jim Marchant. Jim, thank you very much. Thank you, Jim. So we're backing you all the way. You got to get them in. We will take back the House. You know why? Because people cannot stand Nancy Pelosi. They don't like Nancy Pelosi. Even the woman that owns the beauty parlor turned her in. Can you believe that? Nancy Pelosi's a customer. She turned her in. She thought it was disgraceful, but that's what we're dealing with, a bunch of phonies. But you guys, we have your back 100%. Michael, you'll make sure, all right? I also want to introduce and thank … He's done a fantastic job. Nevada Republican Party Chairman, Michael McDonald. And a friend of mine, and thank you, Michael. Your former Attorney General Adam Laxalt. And a person with tremendous spirit and personality to put it mildly. She's tough, but she's very kind. She's a great person, Kimberly Guilfoyle. Thank you, Kimberly. Thank you. Thank you, Kimberly. The owner of the Chicago Cubs and he's in first place, so he's very happy, the RNC Finance Chairman, Todd Ricketts. Where is Todd? Todd, thank you. Great. Go win that pennant Todd. Win the pennant. One of the best people ever to work for me … One of the best people ever to work for me in government. He's tough, he's smart, he can be vicious, but he's just fair more than anything else. But he is a talented guy with tremendous energy and tremendous brain power, Rick Grenell. Thank you, Rick. Thank you Don. Thank you Don. Also, a Las Vegas legend, Rick Harrison. Rick, thank you Rick. You are a legend, aren't you, huh? Great job you've done. Great job you've done. A friend of mine for a long time. Years ago, he was looking for a place. Can I tell this story just quickly, do you mind? He was looking for a place and they said, "Well, that sport's never going to make it. It's too violent." They just don't know how violent the American people are, do they? They never quite figured that out. "No." They said, "No, it'll never make it." There's nobody like this guy, I'm telling you. I always say it's a great sport. Without him, I don't know what they'd do. I don't know if anything would make it… He could do anything. He is so smart, so tough, so cunning. He's been a friend of mine for a long time, I've been a friend of his, but I gave him a place a long time ago. And all I know is, just like we have outside, we had lines. I said, "What the hell is going on here, Dana? This place is packed. We were packed. We had thousands of people that couldn't get in, and I was so nice. I said, "Let's do it again, Dana, please." And we did it again and again and again, and it became the UFC and he sold it and has a big chunk of it, but he got $4 billion when he sold it. $4 billion. That's not too bad. That's not too bad, Dana. But he really is, he's an incredible guy. And he also loves his fighters. He wants to take care of his fighters and he brought some of them along, the best. But I want to introduce Dana White. Dana, please stand up. And Dana brought along a few of his friends and these are not people you want to pick a fight with. Because under those beautiful suits, there are a lot of muscles, a lot of power, a lot of genius for fighting and for other things, but a lot of genius under those suits. A few members of the UFC community. Here's a man, he used to walk into that ring and he still does, and he's as good as there is in the world. Number one in the world. You don't want to pick a fight with him at a bar. Let's say you'd had a fight and you happen to meet Colby Covington. You say, "What's your name?" And he said, "My name's Colby Covington." And the first time I saw Colby Covington, he walks into the ring. Now he wasn't fighting, but he walked in with that same hat that you're wearing. It said, "Keep America great." It says, Make…" He doesn't care. As long as it has Trump on in someplace, he doesn't care. He doesn't discriminate. But this was the same day that we had our conservative reporter beat to hell by that wise guy, who's now in big trouble for doing what he did. And then he walks in wearing the hat, "Keep America great." And he wears the hat and he's going like this because this was a big story. You remember what they did to that guy? Conservative reporter, not a fighter. He wasn't a fighter. And it was 10 people against one. Now, if we had 10 people against that one, those 10 people would be in serious trouble. They said, "What the hell?" But I'd like to introduce Colby Covington. Great fighter. Great, great fighter. Incredible. He is a great fighter. Three months ago, I saw him fight a guy. He looked like it would be impossible to beat. I never saw muscles. He had muscles on muscles on muscles. And Colby is a very fit guy and fantastic. But he didn't look quite the same. It wasn't even a contest. It went a few rounds. I couldn't believe what you did. He took him apart so easily. It was like an easy day at the office. So you have to explain that to me someday, Colby, but we love you, man. You're with us and where we are with you. Another great, great champion. Another great champion, Henry Cejudo, one of the best in the world. And Henry, please stand, please. Now, you won the championship twice, right Henry? Twice. He won it twice. Don't mess with him. Don't mess with him. And his brother, Alonzo, is here. Alonzo Cruz. Thank you very much, Alonzo. Thank you. Thank you. And Alonzo doesn't mess with Henry, he learned that a long time ago. So one of the best fighters in the world, and he's got a tremendous fight coming up against, I guess the number one rated pound for pound fighter, Justin Gaethje. Please stand up, Justin. Justin Gaethje, thank you. And you feel good about that fight? He said he's going to knock him out. Well, we're going to be watching. It's right before the election, but I think I'm going to be watching, okay? I'll be watching, you better believe it. That's going to be an incredible fight. Good luck. Good luck, Justin. Great fighter. And also Ali Abdelaziz, right? Abdelaziz. Great guy. One of the best. Thank you very much. But these are great people that they have so many people at the UFC and they've been big fans of us. They love our country. They love our country. And we loved them and nobody like our Dana. Thank you Dana, very much. Great honor. Thank you, man. Tonight, we're also praying for everyone throughout the West affected by the devastating wildfires. We want really forest management, we want forest management… My administration is closely coordinating with the state and local leaders, with the governor and we thank the more than 28,000 firefighters and first responders courageously braving the danger and their life, and I'm going there tomorrow. I'll be going to California tomorrow. We have meetings with FEMA and all of the different people. It'll be amazing to see. It's like the biggest we've ever had. It's crazy. It's crazy what's going on. Thousands and thousands and thousands of acres. It's crazy. So we're going to be there tomorrow. We'll be with the governor. We're also going to various other places. Washington also is in big trouble and Oregon. I spoke with the governor of Oregon and they've never had anything like it. And of course they also have a place called Portland and we will put that fire out. Just tell us to put it out, governor. That fire we'll put out. That's a much easier fire to put out. It would take us less than a half an hour. We've spent the last four years reversing the damage done by Joe Biden and all of the damage that him and his thought process has inflicted over a 47-year period. We passed record-setting tax cuts and record-setting regulation cuts. We achieved American energy independence. Nobody thought it was possible. When Biden pledged to abolish the production of American oil and shale and clean coal and natural gas, which is very clean, and he wanted to ban fracking, we said, "No, we're not doing that. For 47 years, Biden crushed the dreams of American workers to enrich foreign countries. That's what happened. Look, he says he's going to change. He's been there for 47 years and you know that he's been there until three and a half years ago. So it's not like, "Gee, he hasn't done it for 20." He was there recently. They didn't do it. And you don't change. And you always go back to the first statement. His first statement was anti- religion. His first statement was anti-fracking, anti-energy. His first statement was anti all of the things, but it was really anti-gun, anti-Second Amendment. He even put this whack job, he even put Beto O'Rourke, Beto. Great deal for us. That's a great deal. By the way, our stock market is setting records, I hate to say, in the middle a pandemic. But hopefully, as we round that final turn on the pandemic, we're setting records with the stock market. Your 401k's are doing very well. Your stocks are doing very well. And you know what? If something would happen where he'd get in, and there's a headwind, believe it or not, that stock market would be much higher, but there's a headwind on the possibility, okay? Everything is a possibility. There's a headwind. But I'll tell you what, if he ever got in, you would have a market crash the likes of which this country has never seen before. Just remember it, just to remember it, because what they want to do is crazy, the Green New Deal, $100 trillion, the Green New Deal. That's more money than we could make in a thousand years, a hundred trillion dollars. "We don't like that building. The windows are too big." What do you do? "Rip it down and build a new one." "All good. That sounds good." I saved the U.S. auto industry by withdrawing from the last administration's job-killing catastrophe, the Trans-Pacific Partnership. And we're building many auto plants, you know that, some here, but we're building many auto plants in Michigan, many auto plants in Michigan. If we don't win Michigan after all those auto plants, and I don't know, but it's been tough but we won it last time. And we're showing a poll that just came out that we're two points up in Michigan. That's very good, that's very good. I took the toughest ever action to stand up to China's rapid theft of American jobs. Biden's agenda is made in China, my agenda is made in the USA. That's what it is. For the last four years, I've been delivering for our incredible Hispanic community, I'm fighting for school choice, safe neighborhoods, low taxes, low regulations on all Hispanic-owned small business, and they are great business people. And they understood that. They understood that, they understood it… And by the way, there's nobody that knows our Southern border better than, I call them the Hispanics, I call them the Latino. I said, "What do you prefer?" It's very interesting. Some say, "Call us Latino." Others say, "Call us Hispanic." Others say, "Call us whatever the hell you want. We love you, we love you." But our Hispanic population knows our Southern border better than anybody else. And they don't want criminals coming across. They want people to come across, but they want them to come across legally. And we have the strongest Southern border now that we've ever had. The Democrats and Biden would be a disaster for Hispanic Americans. He's pledged to wage attacks on Catholic organizations like the Little Sisters of the Poor. They're fighting him. He supports taxpayer-funded extreme late-term abortion. Extreme late-term. He would allow left-wing anarchies to burn down your businesses. He would hand over your jobs to China, and your country to the socialists and beyond the socialists. The Democrat Party also continues to attack our incredible border agents, more than half of whom happen to be Hispanic Americans. And they're great. And I want to thank not only law enforcement, but a big part of law enforcement, the Border Patrol and the ICE agents, they're incredible. The ICE agents, Dana could sign some of them up, the ICE agents, they go into like a pack. They go at a pack. They go into a pack of MS-13 fighters. These are criminals and they do it like it's routine. You don't want that job. I don't see any of the people, male or female sitting in this audience, that wants that job, ICE. They take out thousands and thousands of MS-13 killers a year and bring them the hell back out of our country. All around our country, our communities are protected by Hispanic American heroes in law enforcement, and they deserve unwavering gratitude. I want to just thank you all, I want to thank you all. With us tonight are members of the National Border Patrol Council and they are great friends of us. I want to just thank them. The official union of our nation's incredible border patrol agents. And you know what? They're not supposed to do it, but they did it anyway, they endorsed me. I want to thank Brandon Judd, who's here, and Art Del Cueto. Art. Where's Brandon, where is my Brandon? Where is Brandon? Look at these guys. Look, they're ready. They're ready to fight. Hey Brandon, Art, pick out your toughest guy, I want to see whether or not he can take Colby in a fight. Don't do it. Thank you very much. Thanks fellas. We appreciate it very much. Thanks. Great job too. Great job. My administration has achieved the most secure border in American history. We ended catch and release. We stopped asylum fraud. We've deported 20,000 gang members and over half a million criminal aliens. We built over 320 miles, as of today, border wall and we're adding 10 new miles every single week. We're doing about 10 miles a week and we'll be finished with the wall very shortly. And you think, "That was an easy one." That was not an easy one. We were fought. Two things, and I say it, two things that never get old. Remember the Democrats are saying, "A wall won't work." "Really? Tell me about it." Wall works. That's one of the reasons our numbers are so good, but two things that will never get old- … one of the reasons our numbers are so good, but two things that will never get old, never, you know what they are? A wall and a wheel. A wall and a wheel. It'll never get old. A wall. I see so many things and I see all these businesses, computers, you come up with a new chip, you come up with a new computer, you come up with a new laptop. Three weeks later, you buy it, three weeks later, it's obsolete. But a wall will never be obsolete, and a wheel will never be obsolete. You come back in a thousand years, a wall and a wheel. Thanks to our powerful new security measures, we've doubled the amount of meth seized at the border over the last year, we've doubled. We invested $2.5 trillion in the US military and launched the first new branch of the US Armed Forces in 75 years, the Space Force. We passed VA Choice and VA Accountability. And I've accomplished more in 47 months than Joe Biden did in 47 years. That's true. That's true. I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal. So good for Israel. So good that we did that. They paid $150 billion, 1.8 billion in cash. I think Dana White could have made a slightly better deal than that. You know what we got for it? Nothing. We got nothing. We killed the founder and leader of ISIS. al-Baghdadi we eliminated the number one terrorist in the world. And we're talking over a 50 year period. Number one in the world, the mass murder of American troops and many other people throughout the world, Qasem Soleimani is dead. I kept my promise, recognized the true capital of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. I recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights, and we've achieved the two historic peace deals in the Middle East in just the last month, two, two. Over 75 years, they did two. We did two in a month. And many other countries are coming in, the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain have both agreed to normalize relations with Israel. Nobody thought this was possible. In fact, you didn't hear it because they don't report this. They just don't want to report it, but they nominated your President twice last week on two different subjects for a Nobel Prize. But the fake news media didn't cover it, so that's it. Biden got it. Remember… Well, okay. Remember when our great President, right? Barack Hussein Obama, he got it. Right? Like immediately. And they said, "Why did you get it?" And he was unable to explain, do you remember? "Why did you get it?" Because it was like, he just became President, and they said, "We're going to nominate Barack Hussein Obama for the Nobel Peace award, right? And what happened? And then Biden said, "What about me?" They said, "Who the hell is he? This guy, what the hell has he done?" But it's true. Obama got it for no reason whatsoever. Rick, you know that? No reason whatsoever. Joe Biden brought you only endless wars, I'm bringing you peace and I'm bringing our troops back home. They're all coming back. Endless wars. Biden voted for the Iraq war. He opposed the mission to take out Osama bin Laden. He opposed the killing of Soleimani. He oversaw the rise of ISIS and he cheered the rise of China as a positive development for America and the world. When I banned China from coming in, highly infected, he said it was hysterical and xenophobic. If we had listened to Joe, hundreds of thousands more Americans would have died just by that one move alone. When the- Thank you. I agree, actually, but I don't think I'm allowed to say it. When the virus arrived, we launched the largest national mobilization since World War II, we're delivering life-saving therapies, we've achieved among the lowest case fatality rates of any major country, anywhere in the world. You don't hear this. Europe's excess mortality rate is 24% higher than the US, and despite their very punitive lockdowns, they're once again, seeing very large spikes in cases, unfortunately. The United States has experienced the smallest contraction of any major Western nation and the fastest recovery by far. Who's going to do well? And there's a reason for it. Through our historic relief programs, we've saved more than half a million Nevada jobs and over 42,000 Nevada businesses, we've saved 42,000 of your businesses. And he's looking at doing all of this stuff. He will destroy protections for preexisting conditions and decimate your 401s, your retirement system, your stocks, he'll establish a national sanctuary city policy for criminal illegal aliens. He wants to cut your vet facilities in half, go to socialized healthcare and end 180 million Americans' private healthcare plans, which they love. Biden pledges to oppose school choice, and he stated that if elected, charter schools are gone. And charter schools have been great. In a second term, I'll provide school choice to every parent in America. A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, a limitless future for all Americans. It's really a vote for the American dream. That's what it is. It's the American dream versus the American nightmare. Instead of letting Washington change us, despite all that we've been through, we are changing Washington. So in concluding, this wonderful afternoon, and again, Don, thank you very much, but in concluding, this wonderful afternoon, and if the governor comes after you, which he shouldn't be doing, I'll be with you all the way. I'll be with you all the way. Don't worry about a thing. Over the next four years, we'll be making America into the manufacturing superpower of the world and we'll end our reliance on China once and for all. We will make our medical supplies right here in the United States. We will rapidly return to full employment, soaring economies, and record prosperity. We will expand Opportunity Zones, and we will continue cutting taxes and regulations at a level that nobody has ever seen before. We will hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement, surge federal prosecutors into high crime communities. And we'll be watching the ballots very closely also, by the way. And we will ban sanctuary cities. We will appoint prosecutors, judges, and justices who believe in enforcing the law, not in enforcing their own agenda. We will ensure equal justice for citizens of every race, color, religion, and creed. We will defend the dignity of work and the sanctity of life. We will uphold religious liberty, free speech and the right to keep and bear arms. We will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens, and we will keep America out of these endless ridiculous foreign wars, all coming back. We will maintain America's unrivaled military might, and we will ensure peace through strength, two and a half trillion dollars, have the strongest military we've ever had, beautiful brand new equipment. When I took it over, it was totally depleted, our military. We have the greatest equipment that any military has ever even conceived of, things that people have no idea what we have, and let's keep it that way. We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency already signed, further reduce health insurance premiums, and the cost of prescription drugs will be dropping like a rock very soon. The drug companies do not like me too much. It's a favored nations clause I signed. We will strongly protect Medicare, and your Social Security will be totally secure. And we will always protect patients with preexisting conditions. America will land the first woman on the moon, and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars. When I took over, NASA was a shell of itself. It was closed, they had grass growing in the runways, grass growing in the runways. Now it's the number one space center in the world by far. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our schools. We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history and always respect our great American flag. We will live by the timeless words of our national motto, In God we trust, and we're going to keep it that way. For years, you had a President who apologized for America. Now you have a President who is standing up for America and standing up for your state, Nevada. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your coworkers, and on November 3rd or sooner, get out and vote. From Carson City to Elko, from Las Vegas to Reno, from Minden to right here in Henderson, we stand on the shoulders of red-blooded American patriots who poured out their heart, sweat, and soul to secure our liberty and defend our great freedom. Nevada was founded by pioneers and prospectors, miners and cowboys, innovators and trailblazers who tamed the frontier, raised up the mighty Hoover Dam, transformed a sprawling desert into a shining oasis and inspired the world with the brilliant lights of the Vegas Strip. Our American ancestors made this into the greatest nation ever to exist on the face of the earth, and we are going to make it greater than ever before. That's what we're doing. Proud citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people, with your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are, you know the story, going to keep on working, going to keep on fighting, and going to, like these guys, keep on winning, winning, winning. You hear that, Colby? You hear that, Justin? Okay? He's fighting a tough customer, but I don't know. I think maybe, I'm in Vegas, I'll have to place… Is the President allowed to place a bet? I don't know. They'll say, "The President of the United States just placed two bets, Justin and Colby." I don't know. I don't know, but they are great. That'd be easy money. Well, maybe not that easy. I don't know if it's that easy. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God, and together with the incredible people of Nevada, we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America proud again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you. Thank you, everybody. Thank you.
 Well, thank you to Vice President Pence. Thank you, Mike. And hello Pennsylvania. Hello. It's great to be back in this state that gave us the Liberty Bell, Pennsylvania Steel, Hershey chocolate. I like Hershey chocolate. The Nittany Lions. The Nittany Lions, they're doing pretty well too and the incredible American Patriots just like you, you are Patriots. Thank you very much. Thank you. Under Republican leadership, America is stronger than ever before and we are respected again. Last month you saw it, we smashed expectations with another 266,000 jobs and unemployment is now more than a 50-year low. We have never seen what's going on with different groups. Unemployment is at a position we've never had anything like this. You are so lucky I became your president. I'm only kidding. I have to say I'm kidding because the fake news back there will take that. They'll take that statement and they'll blow it up and they'll say, "He said they were lucky to have him as president. What a horrible thing to say." Because they're fake. Anyway, here in Pennsylvania you had the single best year that you've ever had in the history of our country, not bad. The Pennsylvania unemployment rate has reached an all time record low. And I hate to tell you this, when I was campaigning three and a half years ago, I'd come here, you weren't doing so well, folks. You weren't doing so well. Wages were way down, unemployment was way up. It wasn't a pretty picture. Just a few months ago, I visited the new Shell Petrochemical Plant in Beaver County at $6 billion with a B, $6 billion. It is the largest investment in Pennsylvania history. We're ending decades of failed trade policies that devastated communities all across the state. For generations, American manufacturing was the bedrock of your economy, the bedrock. Remember the last administration, " You need a magic wand. It'll never come back." We found the magic wand, didn't we? Then came NAFTA, the NAFTA disaster, I call it, one of the worst trade deals in the history of any country and the loss of one in three Pennsylvania manufacturing jobs. Your politicians always pledged to fix it. They'd talk about it for years and years and decades, but they never were able to do it. They came and they went to Washington and they did nothing. But unlike those politicians, I keep my promises. And I love Pennsylvania. I went to school in Pennsylvania, you know that right? I know it well. And I'm thrilled to report that we are on the verge of ending the NAFTA catastrophe once and for all. Congress will soon vote on my new trade deal, the US-Mexico-Canada agreement or USMCA. After years of waiting, many, many years, many, many decades, they've been looking for this, and then we got it done and we've been waiting for a long time for Nancy Pelosi to announce USMCA and she did it on the same day that they announced that they are going to impeach the 45th president of the United States and your favorite president, I think. And the reason they announced it on the same day, one hour later, they announce impeachment, a few guys standing behind her. They announced the impeachment, and then an hour later, she announced that she's going to USMCA. You know why? It's a huge deal and it plays down the impeachment because they are embarrassed by the impeachment, and our poll numbers have gone through the roof because of her stupid impeachment. And think of it this way also, the silver lining of impeachment and this witch hunt, that's the reason they approved USMCA. So that's okay with me, because they approved it and they're very happy to have it. But honestly, it's an incredible deal for our country. Took too long, it waited in Congress for too long a time. Incredible deal, and replacing the worst, NAFTA. We've also just reached a deal with Congress to invest a record $738 billion more into our great military. When I took over, I will tell you, I became president… Think of it, almost three years ago. By the way, was that the most exciting night ever? I'm just watching these people, that was one of the greatest evenings in the history of television from a rating standpoint, from an excitement standpoint, what the hell would they do without me and you? They'd be gone. About a month before I ran, I picked up a New York Times, it was like a leaflet that you had out at a grocery store and now it's thick. They've got all their reporters covering Trump, Trump, Trump. I can't imagine they won't endorse because without me winning, you know what happens? They all go down the tombs they got, all of them, Washington Post, New York Times, those very dishonest networks. They are very dishonest, very, very dishones. No, they're very dishonest people. And I have to say this, look, and I always have to say this, you have some really great journalists and you have some honest publications, but not too many of them, I have to be honest with you. Well, you know that. Does anybody think the media is honest? Does anybody think they're totally corrupted and dishonest? All right. The legislation will also officially establish something that's so important to me because it's where it's at. And a lot of people used to smile and now outside of the wall, which we're building… The wall is going on. It gets one of the biggest applause of anything, it's the sixth branch of the United States Armed Forces, the Space Force. We're opening up the Space Force because you know what, that's where it's at. And everything's built right here in the United States. That's simple. And by the way, we build the greatest weapons, the greatest planes, the greatest ships, we build it in the United States, there's nobody that comes close. We have the greatest military equipment anywhere in the world, rockets and missiles, no place builds it like us. We have the best in the world and we sell it to allies and they all want to buy from the United States. We've never had a thing like this. We are so hot. We are so hot. And just a few weeks ago, the United States Special Forces brought the world's number one terrorist to justice. Thanks to the strength and courage of our warriors, and they're great warriors, the bloodthirsty savage known as Al Baghdadi is now dead. And he was quickly replaced by his second-in-command and his second-in-command is now dead. And we've got our eye on and our sights on third also, we know exactly where and when, but it's becoming a very unpopular job, not a lot of takers and that's what we want. Go back to living a good normal life because America is winning again. America is winning again like never before. And as I always say, and I've already said it twice tonight, this country is so respected and we were not respected four years ago, we were laughed at. But while we're delivering historic victories for the American people, the radical left Democrats and the failed Washington establishment are trying to erase your votes, nullify the election and overthrow our democracy. Not going to happen, don't worry about it. I wouldn't lose too much sleep over it. And I have to say this about the Republicans, the Republicans… And you have a lot of great ones here tonight, your Congressman. You have a lot of great ones, these congressmen are great. The Republicans have never been so United as they are right now, ever. The House, the Senate, we've never been this United because it's all a hoax and they understand it. They also understand poll numbers, but I'm sure that had nothing to do with it. But the impeachment hoax is about overturning your great 2016 vote, or in the alternative, trying to win the 2020 election. That's not going to happen. Yesterday, the Justice Department's Inspector General released a report detailing the outrageous, scandalous and unprecedented abuses of power. Get them out. Get her out. Get her out. Get her out. See, these guys want to be so politically correct, you get her out. You see that? I'll tell you, law enforcement is so great. That particular guy wanted to be so politically correct. We don't want to be politically correct. I don't know who he was, he didn't do the greatest job, so they tried to frame innocent people in the ludicrous… It all started with the Russia witch hunt. Then the inspector general shocking report proved that the Obama FBI obtained secret warrants to spy on my campaign based on a phony foreign dossier of debunk smears, paid for by crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC. The FBI failed to disclose the nature of the political hit job to the Pfizer court. They hid it, they deceived it, and they lied. The dossier was written by a discredited foreign agent who quote, "Desperate that Donald Trump not get elected and was passionate about him not being the United States president." What's this? Folks, they spied on our campaign, they spied. Never happened before in the history of our country and we're really wise to it. We're wise to it. The inspector general found that the FBI spying application contained 17 errors and omissions, commonly known as lies and deceit. When the FBI… And you have great people in the FBI, but not in leadership. You have not good people in leadership, you haven't had. When the FBI uncovered evidence showing that we did absolutely nothing wrong, which was right at the beginning, they hid that exonerating, you know that? They hid it. They hid it so nobody could see it, so they could keep this hoax going on for two years. They knew right at the beginning that it was all a frame up, a set up, but they hid it so that nobody could see it, so they could keep it going on, thinking they were going to hurt us politically. But now we're stronger politically than we were ever before. And the FBI also sent multiple undercover human spies to surveil and record people associated with our campaign. Look how they've hurt people. They've destroyed the lives of people that were great people, that are still great people. Their lives have been destroyed by scum, by scum. An FBI lawyer forged, took an email… forged, forged an email used as evidence, an act which is now the subject of a criminal referral. What they did is so unbelievable. Oh, I look forward… I don't know. I don't know, keep away. I look forward to Bull Durham's report, that's the one I look forward to. And this report was great by the IG, especially since he was appointed by President Barack Hussein Obama. Considering that fact, it was great because we learned a lot of things that nobody would have found out variously, although I suspect we would have. We also know from a previous inspector general investigation that many of these same high ranking officials were consumed with anti- Trump and anti-Trump people hatred and bias, texting about an insurance policy, let's have an insurance… remember? Remember? Peter Strzok and his lover, Lisa Page. Remember? "Lisa, I love you so much. Lisa, please, Lisa please. Lisa, I've never loved anyone like you. We won't allow this to happen to our country. Lisa, please tell me you love me. Lisa, I love you." "Peter, I love you. I love you like I've never loved anyone. And if for any reason she loses, even though she's a stone called corrupt person, if for any reason she loses, Peter, we've got to have an insurance policy, we have to do it because we're going to go… " And that's what's been happening for the last two and a half years. It was their phony insurance policy. So FBI lawyer, Lisa Page, so in love that she didn't know what the hell was happening texted the head of Counter Intelligence, Peter Strzok, likewise so in love he couldn't see straight. This poor guy, did I hear he needed a restraining order after this whole thing to keep him away from Lisa? That's what I heard. I don't know if it's true. The fake news will never report it, but it could be true. No, that's what I heard. I don't know. I mean who could believe a thing like that? No, I heard that Peter Strzok needed a restraining order to keep him away from his once lover. Ah, Lisa, I hope you're miss him. Lisa, he'll never be the same. But he said he's not ever going to become president and Strzok look back, "No, no, he won't. We'll stop it. We'll stop it." Can you believe we found these texts? This is FBI agents at a high level. "No, no. We'll stop it." They're going to stop us from winning an election and then we have to listen, "There was no bias. Oh, there was no bias." Think of these people, they write here was no bias. And yet he saying, "No, no, darling, we'll stop it." And then they announce there was no bias. Now you know what we're doing, and it's not easy, and somebody said a regular president… I don't want to use the word normal because that's not a nice normal refer… A regular president would have been under a table, thumb in the mouth saying, "Take me home mommy, this is too tough for me." It's true. True, they know. And while it was tough on my family, I have to say, very unfair to my family, very tough on my family. I have a great family, tough… For me, it's my life. I do it, I do it. It's one thing, but very tough on a family thing, a thing like this happens, it's a disgrace. But day after day we're exposing something called that filthy, disgusting, horrible swamp and we're cleaning it up. And now after and a half years now that the Russia witch hunt is dead, a big fat disgusting fraud, the Congressional Democrats are pushing the impeachment witch hunt having to do with Ukraine, but that's already failing. You saw their so-called articles of impeachment today, people are saying they're not even a crime. What happened? All of these horrible things, remember? Bribery and this and that. Where are they? They send these two things and not even a crime. This is the lightest, weakest impeachment…. Our country has had actually many impeachments, you recall judges and lots of… many impeachments, but it was on today, everybody said, "This is impeachment light." This is the lightest impeachment in the history of our country by far. It's not even like an impeachment. These people are stone cold crooked. When a guy like shifty Schiff, he's a corrupt politician, he made up my statement because… See, I did one thing very good, as soon as I heard about this deal, I released my statement immediately, but he had already made horrible statements. And by the way, the whistleblower, the whistleblower defrauded our country because the whistleblower wrote something that was totally untrue and we broke up the game. Remember the second whistleblower was coming, right? And then the informer, who is the informer? I know who the informer is. So the informer obviously gave him a false information because they wrote in the whistleblower report, they wrote something totally different from what I said, what I said was perfect. But it screwed up the whole works because most guys would never do that. They didn't even know probably that we had it transcribed, professionally transcribed, word for word transcribed, so beautiful. Am I lucky I had it transcribed? Think of that. Think of that. So when I said release it… And I don't like doing that because you're releasing it, it's a conversation with a foreign leader, in this case, a very fine gentlemen, president of Ukraine, the new president of Ukraine. And we call them up and we said, "Would it be okay?" Our secretary of state made the call, "Would it be okay?" And they didn't know what we were talking about, but they said, "Yeah, it's okay." And by the way, he, his foreign minister, everybody did you know they said, "There was no pressure. He didn't do anything wrong. There was no pressure put on us." That didn't stop anybody but we released the conversation and that gummed it up. Now, all of a sudden we never heard from the second whistleblower. We never heard about who the informer was. The whistleblower who's going to come out strong, he's disappeared. Where's the whistleblower? He's disappeared. He's gone. Maybe our great Congressman can find him. He's gone. Maybe our great Congressmen can find him. Okay? But the whistleblower is gone. He flew the coop because he reported incorrectly, and the IG, who didn't want to look at the conversation, he was so anxious to turn the whistleblower report over to Congress so that Congress could have fun with it, ought to be ashamed of himself. But today, the House Democrats announced these two flimsy, pathetic, ridiculous articles of impeachment. The House Democrats are walking back from everything they claimed. With today's announcement, they're now admitting there was no collusion, there was no obstruction of justice, and there were no crimes whatsoever. There are no crimes. It says that, there are no crimes. They're impeaching me and there are no crimes. This has to be a first in history. They're impeaching me. You know why? Because they want to win an election. And that's the only way they can do it. So the Democrats have nothing, and they've turned the somber process of impeachment. And it was, you know, to me, impeachment is a very ugly word. It's a word I associate with some very bad times in our country. The good news is we're having the best times in history in our country. Okay? But the word impeachment, to me, is a very, very ugly word. It's a dark, ugly word. But, but I have to tell you, as bad as it is, it meant something. When you had serious high crimes and misdemeanors, when you had serious, go ahead, it's impeachment. That would happen every 50 years, every 40 years, every 100 years. This was a big deal. They're making it so like, "Let's do it every six months." They've cheapened a process. They've cheapened a process. These people are so bad, the radical left Democrats, and I actually think that Pelosi, who by the way, by the way, by the way, she has totally lost control. She has totally … It's being run now by this crazy AOC plus three. AOC plus three. Now it's being run by other people. The far left has just grabbed that party. It is so sad to see. And she knew what would happen. I didn't, because I didn't figure the polls would go through the roof. They went out today. In Michigan, in Wisconsin, in a place called Pennsylvania. No, no. The polls are through the roof. They're called swing states, very important states. We won Pennsylvania the last time, and we're going to win it again, but even bigger. Our polls have gone, over the last month, they've gone through the roof. You look at it, take a look at it, it came out today. The FireHouse poll, it's an important poll. It was always good. I never looked at it. Today, I like it a lot. We're up through … nobody can even believe it. So what Pelosi did, and as I said, they do the impeachment, then right away, let's do USMCA, right on top of it. You'd think she'd wait like a day. She wanted to smother the impeachment crap, and that's probably what she did, at least to an extent. But any Democrat that votes for this sham will be voting to sacrifice their house majority, their dignity, and their career. Okay? And some of these partisan lunatics have already said that if they fail this time, think of this. How about Low IQ Maxine Waters? How about Green? How about Green? We've Green. How about Green, where he said, "We have to impeach him because if we don't impeach him we're not going to win the election." This is what we're dealing with. You know, we're dealing with some very bad people. We're dealing with people that don't respect you. And by the way, you know they talk about the elite? You're the elite. They're not the elite. You're the elite. You're the elite. You got better education. You got better everything. You're the elite. It always bothers me, they said, "The elite." This is the elite. Look at these people. How beautiful. This is the elite. You know who are the elite? You look at those jobs reports. We're the best in history unemployment for African Americans, best in history unemployment Hispanic Americans, best in history unemployment Asian Americans. You're the elite. You're the elite. But they said they'll do it again because this has been a total bust. They'll do it again. And by the way, the Senate's been so professional, so good, so strong, so solid. Just like these gentlemen in the House. So solid. So we have to vote these crazy people the hell out of office. And in 2020 I'm going to work like hell that we take over the House. We have to take over the House. We have to. Right? Got to take over the House, Mike. So here are the facts that Shifty Schiff … Is that guy the worst? He comes up to a microphone, now he comes up to a microphone like two and a half years ago, "I have absolute proof that the President of the United States conspired with Russia." Russia? What the hell do I have to do with Russia? By the way, Russia wishes that Hillary Clinton won. They wish. We are now number one in the world in energy. Russia is number three. We're beating out Russia and Saudi Arabia. You'd have windmills all over the place if you had Crooked Hillary. They'd be knocking out those birds left and right. Those windmills. Wah, wah, wah. "Darling, I want to watch television tonight and there's no damn wind. What do I do? I want to watch the election results. Darling, there's no wind. The damn wind just isn't blowing like it used to because of global warming, I think. I think it's global warming. Global warming. No more wind, no more life. The ocean is going to rise 1/8 of an inch within the next 250 years. We're going to be wiped out!" Look, I want clean air. I want clean water, crystal clean, I want, and that's what we have at a record level. Our air and our water are cleaner now than it's ever been with all that we're doing, and we haven't closed up all of our industry, and we haven't closed up our businesses and lost all those jobs. And right now, we're by far the largest economy in the world. If you remember, you could look, if you go back five, six, seven years, in 2019 they say China was going to catch us as the world's largest economy. Guess what? They're way behind. They're way behind. Because over the last three years, you see the stock market set 131 records from the day. Think of that. And that means jobs, that means 401ks. I have so many people that come up to me, "Thank you, sir. My wife is so in love with me because I went up 79% in the 401k. She thinks I'm a genius. She always thought I was a total stiff, a dumb, stupid dope. Now she thinks I'm a financial genius, sir. And all I did was buy some stock. I have stock in a 401k, and you made me into a genius, sir. She loves me so much more than she ever did." Shows you the power of money, right? Isn't that terrible? But I have so many people, 401ks are through the roof, your jobs are through the roof, we have the lowest unemployment rate. And now, more importantly than anything, wages are up for the first time in many, many years, decades, decades. You remember four years ago I was here, and I told people, I said, "You know, 20 years ago, people made more money than they made four years ago." Not now. Not anymore. Because people now can not only make a lot more money, if they don't like their job, they go out and they get a different job, and they get more money, and ultimately they find one that they love. You have so many opportunities right now. Wages are up, jobs are up. And today we set a new record, almost 160 million people are working. We've never come close to that number. That's a hell of a number. But just quickly, here are the facts on Shifty Schiff. Dishonest guy, makes up my statements. He said, "The President of Ukraine repeatedly declared that there was no pressure," but he didn't want to say that. We said, "Say it. Say it, you crooked bastard, say it. But he doesn't want to say it. We said, "Sat it!" I'd like to force him to say it. He'll walk up to the mic, "Ladies and gentlemen," guy's a total corrupt guy. Listen, just to finish off, a man who I really, I don't know him, but I respect him because the Ukrainian Foreign Minister, and he said it so strongly, "I have never seen a direct link between investigations and security assistance." He just said that the Democrats, who are corrupt, refuse to say that, and that's ultimately the only one that matters, the leaders of Ukraine, because they're the ones that know of this pressure, not some crooked ambassador that's a deep stater, or that's a Bushy, or that's a Clintonite, or that's a Barack Obama ambassador. Okay? The ones that matter are the leadership of the country that we're talking about. They refuse to say it because they're dishonest people. There's only one way to stop the rabid partisan Democrats, Pennsylvania voters must show up in 2020 so we can take back the House, hold the Senate, and keep the White House. It's the only way. Only way. Okay, so I'm going to ask these people to come up on this stage because we have warriors with us tonight. We love warriors, like the guys that killed al-Baghdadi. You know how much press I got? I don't care about press. But Conan the dog got more than I did, and that's okay. Conan was almost electrocuted, he deserves it. They gave me about a day, and that's okay, because the people understand, we made a great decision. And remember this, al-Baghdadi was the founder of ISIS, al-Baghdadi was a vicious, ruthless person, al-Baghdadi created a caliphate bigger than the State of Ohio. Think of that, that's a big caliphate. And we now have taken 100% of the caliphate, and we have thousands and thousands of ISIS prisoners. With Obama, you did nothing. You did nothing but get your ass kicked. True. True. All right, we're joined tonight by many of the terrific warriors that have helped me so much in so many ways. They fight for us. They really are incredible. And they come right from the State of Pennsylvania. Hey, do you ever notice where Biden keeps saying he's in the wrong state? Like if he's in Ohio, "It's great to be an Iowa tonight." If he's in Pennsylvania, "It's wonderful to be in the State of Delaware." What is wrong with this guy? What's wrong with him? There's something wrong. Okay? There's something wrong. No, he keeps … How many times can you do that? So far, it could happen, because you know I was doing six and seven a day that last month, that last beautiful month that I loved, I was doing six. I left these guys alone. I didn't want to do interviews, they were a waste of time. We just did these big beautiful rallies. And you know, if you start getting a little … you know, I went to Michigan, then I went to Wisconsin, then I went … I'm sitting here saying, "What the hell is going on? These crowds are incredible." And we had the biggest crowds. By the way, to this day, there has never been, and they'll always correct me, in the history of politics, in the history of our country, there has never been anybody that drew crowds like we draw, and I don't have a guitar. I have no guitar. But this has never happened. I mean if you took Ronald Reagan, and we all like Ronald Reagan, I liked him, I thought he was a great guy, but if he came to Pennsylvania for a rally, if he had 1,000 people in a ballroom or something, you know? I mean we're getting crowds, 25-30,000 people, and then there'll be 20,000 people outside. We set up screens outside, and if anybody would like to stand in the rain watching. And do you people out there, I'm sorry, it's pretty rough. But no, there's never been anything like it. One instruction get me the biggest arena you can get. We don't have empty seats. I mean look at this. How many seats is this? 11,000? How much? 10,500, it's packed. It's beyond that. And don't forget, look at the floor, and then you go out. No, and then you go out and you look outside, and you have thousands and thousands because there's a spirit for what we're doing. We're fixing our country, we're healing our country. We're making America great again. So I want to ask a couple of our great warriors to come forward. Representative Glenn Thompson, come up here, Glenn. Come up here. A man that's been a friend of mine for a long time, Mike Kelly. Don't get in the fight with Mike. Come up, Mike. A wonderful man who represents this area, Scott Perry. Representative Lloyd Smucker. Lloyd. A guy who was always there for us, John Joyce. And two people that you all know very well in this state, they bring home the bacon, Dan Meuser and Fred Keller. Thank you fellas. Thank you. I want to also bring back our Pennsylvania Party Chairman. And I know his grandfather, I shouldn't say that to you. He was a tremendous man, Dan Tabas, but I'm going to introduce somebody that Dan always said had tremendous talent. Little did I know that he'd be working with us, and he's really working well. He's smart, he's tough. Lawrence Tabas. Come on up, Lawrence. Come on up. Also with us tonight, Pennsylvania Trump Victory Chairwoman, Bernie. You know this, right? You know this person. Comfort. Do you know who that is? Do you know who that is? Everybody knows who that is. National Committeeman Bob Asher, RNC Co-chairman Tommy Hicks has been incredible, and my friend David Urban. David. So I just want to thank, this is an amazing group of people, and with their help, and the help of everyone here, we are going to set records like we've never set before. You know, I used to say, and I sort of still have to say, 2016, I don't know if anything like that can ever happen, but I think we're much better. All of the things I said, "We're going to cut taxes. We're going to cut regulations. We're going to take care of our vets," look what we did for our vets, with choice, right? Look what we did. Look what we did. We now have the ability to fire all of the bad people that are in the VA. Right? Fired over 8,000 people that were disrespecting our vets. They wouldn't have done it in primetime, I can tell you that. But what we've done for our vets, what we've done in rebuilding our military, what we've done in so many ways, and we, unlike the Democrats, will protect your Second Amendment. Okay? So we've done a job, and we're proud of it, and we have tremendous people. Let's give them a hand, and thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you, everybody. Thank you. Thank you, folks. Vote for these people. Even if you don't like them, vote for them. Oh, that's a beautiful new hat. Look at the hat that guy's got on. How's that hat working out? Is that good? I love that hat. Look at this guy, that says Keep America Great. Should we do the poll? Should we do a poll? Okay, ready? So we have the greatest phrase in the history of politics, Make America Great Again. Wait. And we have our new phrase, because we've made America great. I've told you, stock market, we've rebuilt our military, we've cut your taxes at a level that nobody could even think possible. Take a look at your median income, take a look at what's happened. The numbers, median household income, take a look at your numbers. With President Bush, it went up $400 in eight years. With President Obama, it went up $975 in eight years. With President Trump, it went up 5,000, but whoa, whoa, whoa, in less than three years. That's a big thing. Wait. And then when you add energy savings, and you add tax savings, you have almost a $10,000 gain in three years. That's a big difference. And that's one of the very big reasons why our, I think that and regulations, but that's one of the very big reasons why our economy is doing so well, because they talk about our consumer is loaded with money. Thank you very much, Mr. President, I appreciate it. But with the help of everyone here, we have now the hottest economy. You know when I meet dictators, and presidents, and kings, and queens, and prime ministers, they all come into that beautiful Oval Office. So beautiful, right? So respected. And the first thing they almost always say, "Sir, congratulations on your economy. We're trying to do the same thing." I said, "You won't be able to do it. You won't." They won't be able to. Let them give it a shot. But they all say, "Congratulations on the great job you've done with economy." But we've all done the great job. Not me. We've all done it. I've been your spokesman, and I've done a good job as spokesman. But they all say that. But we've done a good job in many ways. You know, all of the promises that I made, I'm the only politician in history that I've actually kept more promises than I made. Think of that. In other words, I made here, like a thing like Right to Try, nobody talked about Right to Try. We got Right to Try. That's somebody terminally ill, we have the greatest medicines in the world, the greatest doctors, the greatest labs in the world, nobody close, but it takes years to get it approved. And I got it approved so you can sign a document, get it. If you want to see the lives that we're saving, it's a beautiful thing. A beautiful thing is happening, Right to Try. Right to Try. But we've also created 7 million new jobs since the election. If I would have said that, the fake news would have gone crazy, they would have said that's impossible. These people would have gone crazy. They go crazy anyway, and I don't even say it. And right here in Pennsylvania, we've created 160, 000 brand new beautiful jobs, and you have companies moving in and moving back. And as I said, African American, Hispanic American, Asian American unemployment, the lowest ever in the history of our country, the lowest unemployment rates. Wages for low income workers have gone up more than 10%. Nobody thought that was possible. They're one of the biggest, in terms of a group, one of the biggest beneficiaries. This year, 40 million American families will benefit from the Republican Child Tax Credit, each receiving an average of $2,200. We ended the last administration's war on American energy, the United States is now, and I said it, and I'll say it all night long, number one producer of oil and natural gas in the world, and there's nobody even close. In the State of Pennsylvania, natural gas production is up 34% since our election, 34. Virtually every leading Democrat has pledged to entirely eliminate American production of oil, clean coal, natural gas. I don't think somebody coming into Pennsylvania, you know those new petrochemical plants, they don't like them at all. Thousands and thousands of jobs. Incredible. Millions of dollars in taxes. How about going to the State of Texas? We had one candidate who turned out not to be too good a candidate, right? Beto, Beto. Remember? So he wanted to get rid of religion, the Bible, he wanted to get rid of guns, and he wanted to get rid of oil. How about going to Texas and say, "No Bible, no oil," think of this one, "No Bible, no oil, no guns." I think you could be Abraham Lincoln and not win that particular race. And it wouldn't be much different in the State of Pennsylvania, that I can tell you. But you know, somebody that believes in that is Sleepy Joe Biden. He was caught telling a far left radical activist that he would shut down fossil fuel production in Pennsylvania. You saw that. But the voters of this Commonwealth will never, ever let that happen. Can you imagine a guy coming in, whether it's him or anybody else? They all want to do it. He just raises his hand, he has no clue what he's doing. They raise their hand. Remember he looked? Do you want to give illegal aliens healthcare, even though we're taking it away from our own soldiers that are up … and he looks and they're all raising their hand? Did you see that? Well, he, "Oh, oh, oh, okay, I'll do it too." In addition to replacing NAFTA, I've taken the toughest ever action against China's trade abuses. They want to make a deal so badly. And we're doing well with the deal, but they want to make a deal. "Please make a deal. We don't want to pay tariffs anymore. Please, please." Thanks to our steel tariffs, steel mills in Pennsylvania are roaring back to life. And U.S. Steel has just announced $1 billion investment in Mon Valley Works in Pittsburgh. You know that, right? $1 billion. They weren't investing, they were divesting. The steel companies, it's an amazing achievement. We tax all of the dumped steel, comes in from China and other places, 25%. … the dump steel comes in from China and other places. 25%. All of it. All of a sudden our steel mills are doing again. We need steel. It's not like you could say, "Gee, we'll get it from another country." We need that for defense. We need it for our ships, we need it for our planes. We need it. We can't play games with steel. After years of rebuilding other nations, we are finally rebuilding our nation. Very importantly, in everything we do, we are putting America first. Sorry. We gave up on the globalist folks. Let's build the world. Let's forget about our country. Let's just rebuild the world. Or no issue have the Democrat politicians more thoroughly betrayed the American people than on the issue of immigration. Far left politician… I mean, they're fighting me on the wall, you have no idea. But we're building it and it's fine and we have the money coming in from the military. I've got it from here, from there, from there. Believe me, if I weren't a good developer, you could forget about that wall. I've got here, there, there. These people fought me and we've started winning in court. You know what? Speaking of court, we will soon have 182 federal judges, including Court of Appeals. Nobody can believe it. All because Barack Obama gave us 142 empty seats. When you're a president, they always say, "I disagree. I think the most important thing we can do is defense," right? But beyond defense, they always say the most important thing you can do is judges and justices of the Supreme Court. We have two great ones. Great ones. But they always say, "Judges and Supreme Court justices." When you leave office, I hope in 5 years, 9 years, 13 years, 17 years, 21 years, 25 years, 29 years. When I leave office… Now I'm only doing that to drive them totally crazy. That drives them crazy. Even joking about it. We have this idiot comedian who stands up, he's talking to a guest, right? He said, "You know he's going to win, don't you? You know it." The guy goes, "No, no. We're going to fight. We're going to fight." And they will. "No, no, no. You know he's going to win." Then he goes, "You know he's going to win. And you know he's never leaving, don't you? He's never leaving." At first I thought he was kidding. He's a whack job. He is totally serious. He honestly believes that. I don't know, should we give it a shot? Maybe we'll give it a shot. I'm only kidding. I'm only kidding. Media, I'm only kidding. They won't write that, but that's okay. They won't write the, "I'm only kidding part." But far left politicians support deadly sanctuary cities demonstrating their sneering contempt, scorned and disdained for everyday Americans. These jurisdictions deliberately release dangerous, violent, criminal aliens out of their jails and directly onto your streets, where they are free to offend, where they are free to kill, where they are free to rape, where they are free to beat up people except for ICE because ICE is much tougher than them. They don't beat up ICE. They don't beat up ICE. You're lucky we have ICE. They want to put ICE out of business. That's not happening. ICE is… They're incredible people. They're great patriots and they're tough. Thanks to Democrat immigration policies, innocent Americans in all 50 states are being brutalized and murdered by illegal alien criminals. Last summer, at least 19 illegal aliens were charged in connection with grizzly homicides, including hacking victims to death and ripping out, in two cases, their hearts. Weeks ago, two illegal aliens and members of the savage gang, MS-13, who we are removing from our country by the thousands, were charged with relentlessly beating a wonderful, beautiful high school teenager to death with a baseball bat and chopping the body apart with a machete. One of the animals accused was previously released by local authorities in defiance of an ICE demand. ICE warned and said, "You can't let them go." They wanted them. They would do anything for them. They wanted them to hand this animal over for deportation back to his country. Get them the hell out of our country, right? Democrats' sanctuary cities also give safe haven to those who commit violent sex crimes. Since Montgomery County, Maryland declared itself a sanctuary jurisdiction in July, we have already identified nine illegal aliens who have been arrested for rape, sexual assault, including a 26-year-old man charged with raping and viciously strangling a young, wonderful woman who was entering her apartment, innocently entering her apartment. She was raped and killed, strangled to death. Sanctuary city. Maryland. But these are only the cases we know about. Sanctuary cities and jails actively conceal illegal alien crime and criminals from federal government. Federal government wants to take them out, or in some cases, if it's real violence, and we don't want to pay for the cost, but we do, put them into very strong jails. The sanctuary city of Philadelphia. The sanctuary city in Philadelphia is one of the very worst sanctuaries anywhere in America. Did you know that? I mean, I know Philadelphia well. Going to school here, we never heard about sanctuary cities, did we? Weeks ago an illegal alien charged with rape, sexual assault of a child, and inflicting serious bodily injury was released by Philadelphia to wander free in your communities. By the way, you may have the worst district attorney or whatever the hell you call it. This guy, I've been hearing about this guy, he lets killers out almost immediately. What the hell? How did you let that happen? Instead of handing them over while still in jail, they defied ICE. They fought with ICE and set him loose upon an unsuspecting family. Thankfully, at great time and effort, our brave ICE officers were eventually able to track him down, arrest him, detain him, and do what has to be done. How do you elect Democrats when they create a sanctuary city of Philadelphia? I don't get it. Four MS-13 gang members were also arrested in Pennsylvania in connection with the brutal and sadistic murders of a 21-year-old and a 15-year-old. As we speak, a criminal illegal alien with three prior deportations is roaming free in Pennsylvania because he was released by the city of Philadelphia, the city of brotherly love. You better get yourself a new prosecutor in this place, I want to tell you. That's a horrible thing. No, it's a national story, how he wants everybody to not pay the price. You're talking about not paying the price for rape, for murder, for other horrible crimes. How stupid can you be? The charges against this alien include rape, aggravated indecent assault, unlawful contact with a minor, indecent exposure, and terroristic threats. Other than that, he was a very nice person. Philadelphia has defied ICE and released illegals charged with everything from assault, to kidnapping, to drug crimes, to sex crimes, to homicide murder. Democrats stand for crime, corruption, and chaos. Republicans stand for law and order, and we stand for justice. We stand for justice. We side with law enforcement and with law-abiding Americans, not ruthless gang members and not violent criminals, aliens that come into our country illegally. They take our payments. Payments. Some of these people with these crazy laws that you have. Look at what's going on in California. They do better than our great veterans. They do better than citizens of our country. And they advertise, "We will take you. We will take care of you. We will pay for it." And then you wonder why we have so many people trying to come through at the borders. But we do a great job. We're removing these criminal illegal aliens from our country by the thousands. We're sending them home, and we're not letting them come back in. We're being very tough. Mexico is now giving us 27,000 soldiers at our border. And Guatemala, Honduras, and El Salvador, we signed a very important agreement with each. When their people come into our country, they weren't taking them back. Now they take them back and they say, "Thank you very much." They weren't taking them back. If we had a murderer from Honduras, Guatemala, El Salvador, we want to bring them back under past administrations. They bring them and they say, "We don't want them. Don't land. You're playing with us." They say, "Thank you very much. We will take them back." Because we've let them know the price is very bad if they don't do that. Thanks to our tireless efforts to secure the border, illegal crossings are down 75% since May and the wall is going up at a very rapid pace. The radical Democrats have gotten more and more extreme. That's why they did this impeachment hoax, because Nancy Pelosi had absolutely no control. She knew what was going to happen. She knew. The radical left has taken over the Democrat party. Democrats are pushing for a socialist takeover of healthcare that would strip you of the doctor and coverage of your choice. We have 180 million people with private healthcare that love it. They're going to take it away from you. I don't think so. Crazy Elizabeth Warren, or as I affectionately call her, Pocahontas, her ridiculous plan would cost $52 trillion. That's more money than we take in in one year, two years, three years, four years, five years, six years, about seven years. That's for one year. $52 trillion. And you don't have your doctor. I mean, the whole… Well, she's starting to crash again. I thought I knocked her down. I did that heavy, heavy Pocahontas deal. I give her credit. I thought she was left for… I mean, there were just little embers, and then she rose. She rose, then she became strong. But then she opened that fresh mouth of hers and it stopped. It stopped. I don't see her as a threat. I don't think she makes it. I mean, you don't know. Crazy things are happening in the Democrat party. It used to be a sane party. Now it's an insane party. So you don't know. But they're all looking at the same thing. I mean, you have Alfred E. Neuman who's running, who's this guy. This guy Buttigieg. Buttigieg. Can you believe he's doing well? He's like the leading fundraiser. I dream about him. It's true. No, Buttigieg. But I'm not going too far with any of these people because I thought I was way too early with Elizabeth Warren. We destroyed her too fast. So she came back. But she's going back down again. Did anybody see her beer deal where she said, "Darling." Did you ever see that deal? Darling. It's about her husband. Darling, it's great to see you. What are you doing here? It's like, "That's her husband, he's supposed to be living in the house. You're here." I don't think she's seen him in 10 years. Hey, I have an idea. Can I get a beer? Let's get a beer. She wants to be one of the group. Hey, let's get a beer. Did you ever see such a phony, disgusting deal? Republicans will defend your sacred right to choose the doctor, and you can choose your plan, and you choose the plan that's right for you. We will strongly protect patients with preexisting conditions. We will also protect your right to get the physician that you want. Virtually every top Democrat also now supports late-term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mother's womb, right up until the moment of birth. This character in Virginia. Did you see the Virginia governor? I mean, he gave a whole expose. The baby is born, and then basically, they start talking to the mother. The baby is born. And there's no other word. If the mother decides no, then they execute the baby. Okay? He's the governor of Virginia and why the Republicans aren't going to win Virginia this next election, 2020. I'll tell you what, we're going to give it a very strong shot. When you have people like that, we're going to give it a very strong shot. But that's why I've asked Congress to prohibit extreme late-term abortion. Because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift from God. Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption. The Republican party is the party of the American worker, the American family, the American dream, and the party of honest Abe Lincoln. Party of Abe Lincoln. I told you about judges. I'm telling you about so many other things. There's nobody that's ever done what we're doing. You look at school choice for every child in America who needs it, including the 50,000 Pennsylvania students who your Democrat governor has blocked from getting school choice scholarships. No scholarships available. What's that all about? How did that happen? I withdrew from the horrible, one-sided Iran nuclear deal, a disaster. I recognize Israel's true capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. For years you watched as your politicians apologized for America. Now you have a president who is standing up for America, and we are standing up for the people of Pennsylvania. You've never had that better year. Never At stake in our present battle is the survival of the American nation itself. It's the survival. We will destroy our country if these people get in. I say we've done so much in the first three years, will soon be four years. All of a sudden the time will be up. But it's like when you plant a tree, it needs time to grab on. It needs time to let it… It's got to grab. That's what we need. We need time. And we have other things we're going to do that are incredible. We still have tremendous regulation cutting that we can do. We've cut more regulations than any president in the history of our country. We did it in less than two and a half years. Two and a half years. We did it in less than two and a half years. Some had eight years, one had more than eight years. More regulation. And we have regulation, and you need some regulation, but you don't need regulation that doesn't allow you to build a simple road or highway. So what we've done has been incredible. That's one of the reasons our job numbers are so good. If you want your children to inherit the birthright of American Liberty that generations of Americans have fought and died for to secure, then we must devote everything we have toward victory in 2020, and we have to get rid of the Democrats in the House of Representatives. They are stone cold crazy. Only this way can we save the America we love and clean up Washington corruption once and for all. With your help, we will lift millions more of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence, and poverty to prosperity. We have tremendous prosperity going on in our country, and the people in this room are… I mean, you know what's happening. You know what's happening with your families. You know what's happening with your jobs. You've never had a time like this. They always say, "Are you better off now than you were four years ago?" I mean, who is better off now? Everybody, I think. Everybody. But together, we will elect a Republican Congress to create a fair, safe, sane, and lawful system of immigration. We will enact trade deals that result in more products proudly stamped with that beautiful phrase, "Made in the USA." We just finished a deal with South Korea, a great new trade deal. We just finished a $40 billion deal with Japan. We're in the process of getting our deal done. Let's see what happens. They want to make it more than I do with because we're taking in a lot of money. We haven't taken in money from China ever, and it's coming in now by the billions. When they target our farmer, I give our farmers that money that they've been targeted and our farmers are thrilled. We have a lot leftover, but we will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding new cures for childhood cancer, and ending the AIDS epidemic in America. We'll have that done within 10 years. It could have started. That could have started earlier than the beginning of our administration. We'll have that done in less than 10 years. Think of that. The AIDS epidemic will have ended in America within less than 10 years. We will defend privacy, free speech, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms. Above all, we will never stop fighting for the sacred values that bind us together as one America, one great country. One America. We support, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States. We stand with the incredible heroes of law enforcement. We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life. We believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy are the true American way. We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag. And we live by the words of our national motto, "In God we trust." We stand on the shoulders of generations of Pennsylvania patriots who gave their blood, sweat, and tears for this beloved nation. Pennsylvania's the place where our founding fathers declared American independence, where the army weathered its brutal winter at Valley Forge, and where General George Washington led his men across the Delaware on Christmas night. They used the password. You know what the password was? Victory or death. Victory or death. How incredible is that? Victory or death. Pennsylvania is the state that gave us self-made titans of American industry, from Andrew Carnegie to Milton Hershey. I love Hershey. I love Hershey. And Henry J. Heinz. Pennsylvania is the place where strong American workers mine the coal, work the railroads, and forge the steel that made America into the greatest and most powerful nation in the history of the world, and we are making it even greater every single day. It's greater than ever before. And proud citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people. They are trying to take your power away. It will never ever happen. With your help, and with your devotion, and your drive we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. We are going to keep on winning. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. America is thriving like never before. Ladies and gentlemen of Pennsylvania, the best is yet to come. Because together we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America proud again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you, Pennsylvania. Thank you.
Well, thank you very much. And hello Las Vegas. Great to be with you. They have a big election tomorrow. We've already won the state. We've already won. I like ours better. We just take it. Just take it. We've won it. I like it that better. You know they say they're going to have a lot of problems tomorrow. I hate to tell you this. I don't know. Have you heard? I hear their computers are all messed up. Just like they were in Iowa. They're not going to be able to count their vote. They're going to tell you about healthcare. They're going to tell you about our military and the jet fighters and the missiles and rockets, but they can't count votes. They just can't count them. They can't count votes, but they're saying they may not be able to do it again. They're still trying to tell us. I called up yesterday, how are they doing in Iowa? Was that two weeks ago? They say we're getting close. They're not getting close, they'll never know. They'll never know, but I hear the same thing could happen tomorrow. I hope it doesn't, actually. I hope it doesn't, but I'm delighted to be back in a state I love. I have a beautiful building right down the road. With the proud, hardworking patriots of Nevada. You're going to say Nevada. You say that wrong, you got problems. You say Nevada, they go, what the hell? Got to be Nevada. With your help this November, we're going to defeat the radical socialist Democrats and we are going to win Nevada in a big beautiful landslide. Now, we have some special people here, you know the special very special people. And we celebrate one of the greatest moments in the history of sports. Some people say it was the single greatest moment in the history of sports. It was called the miracle on ice. Do you remember that? That was when the Russians had a team assembled. That was probably, they say maybe the greatest team ever assembled. They were unbelievable. And our guys played a practice game with them was it a couple of weeks before, and I hate to tell you the score was 10 to 3, and the USA was not on top, and this team was an incredible team and they went in and it was amazing, but tomorrow marks the 40 years since the United States men's hockey team defeated then Soviet Union team in the 1980 Olympics. Incredible. That was incredible. Most of you remember that. I'm looking. We've got a lot of young ones, but we've got a lot of people that remember that. A lot of people. And by the way, we got the Olympics coming back or coming to Los Angeles. Thank you. Thank you President Trump. Thank you President Trump. Thank you very much. Thank you President Trump. Eight years. Eight years, 2028 you know what? Unless I'm still president then, which is a distinct possibility, I won't be here, and you know what they'll do? I'll say, how's the Olympics going? Does anybody have a ticket for the president that got the Olympics to come here? They'll say, I want to thank and they'll thank hundreds of people, but they won't thank you president that I'm the one that pulled it off. But that's okay. 2028 Olympics is coming to Los Angeles. It's going to be great. And we worked with the mayor of Los Angeles. He was great. He called up and we gave him a lot of help. I was president elect then because the president didn't want to get involved. He didn't want to get involved in getting the Olympics, so they called me and I was president elect, hadn't taken office. Then I got involved and I'll tell you, they were happy we got involved. It was great. It's going to be very exciting today. We are thrilled to have with us 14 players of that really incredible gold medal team. Give him a big hand. And they were amazed. They said, boy is a big crowd. I said, it's only because you guys are coming. This day was supposed to be for this evening. And I said, let me get back to Washington, do it early. So we gave you almost no notice. You have thousands of people outside, thousands of people inside. You had to see, we were in Iowa we were in New Hampshire. You saw what happened in Colorado last. That was unbelievable. Every place we go it's the same. It's been incredible. I don't know if you saw the pictures last night of the outside in Colorado. It was incredible. It was. You could have filled that arena up four times and it was a big arena, and it's something. So I hated to do it to you at 12 o'clock but I said, let's go. I want to get back. We got to deal with China. We got to deal with Russia. We got to deal with North Korea, South Korea. We got to deal with the rest of the world. Get my people back. We got to get the hell out of here, right? But we have a lot of time. I'd like now to invite these incredible sport legends to join me on stage. A friend of mine and a very good golfer, by the way, Captain Mike he rode a bike. Mike. Where's Mike? Where is he? Mike. Do you know who he is? He's a fake handicap is what he is. Say something Mike. Just welcome everybody to ironic we happen to be here to celebrate our 40th anniversary, the Vegas Knights flew the whole team out to honor us tonight and for the weekend and we obviously thank the people of Las Vegas for having us here and we're looking forward to celebrating a special time, and it's a great honor for the president to invite us to be part of this event as well. So Vegas, thanks for having us. But just tell them, am I a good athlete and am I a good golfer? Thanks Mike. That was some goaltending right? How many did you rebuff? I mean, but how many did Jim have? Many did. Very few. But a lot of shots, right? He was like a pinata. So Mike, that was great. Goaltender Jim Craig. So Jim rebuffed come here, Jim. Great goaltender, great goaltender. They didn't know what was happening. They kept shooting. He doesn't know how many you rebuffed. How many did you rebuff? 37. So let me ask you, was that as goaltender, because that was incredible. Was that the greatest game you ever played? You've had a lot of great games. But was that the greatest game you've ever played? It was slightly important. 37. 37. Bill Baker. Bill, come up. Bill Baker. Dave Christian, Ken Morrow, Jack O'Callahan, Mike Ramsey. Those legs took a beating. Mark Wells, Neil Brotton, John Harrington, Rob McClanahan, Buzz Schneider, Dave Silk, Phil Verchota, and a great coach and assistant coach at the time, Craig Patrick. They said four more years, 12 more years left for them. Look at that. Look at the press. Hey Mike, look at the fake news back there. It's a lot. I always say that's like the Academy Awards used to be. This year, we had a movie, they said best movie, they announced the movie from South Korea. I said, what's that all about? The movie was made in South Korea. Look, I get along great with South Korea, but you know, I never saw that one before. They used to go best foreign movie, but now we do it that way. I don't get it, but that's what it used to be and this is really an incredible time. I'll tell you what, for our country, that's why I like to see things that we do get honored because nobody is doing what we do. Nobody can do it like us. We're the greatest country in the world again. We have the greatest people. We have the greatest military by far. We've totally rebuilt our military. Jobs are booming, incomes are surging, poverty is plummeting. Factories are returning confidence is soaring, like these guys, the confidence is soaring, but you know, we do have somebody that I'd like to point out because this team is, they had a coach, and that coach was a very inspirational coach, would you say Mike? And I'd like to have maybe one of you come up and just say a few words about Coach Brooks because he was very, very, he was really a big, he was a big heart on this team. Please. Say something. So tell me one thing, one thing. So I see those tears. That means you think, you miss him and you love him. Right? Was he actually a nice guy? Because he looked tough. Mike was just saying he was brutal, but he was a good guy, right? Tough but great. Thank you very much. Thanks Kelly. Thank you all. Greatest sports story could be number one. So a lot of people, a lot of these sports experts, sports writers have voted that as the single greatest sporting event or athletic achievement. I think so, yeah? They put it number one, certainly top five. In the history of our country, we have a lot of things that we've done to break records. We're going to go over them, but we've broken a lot of records now, but I want to thank that great team for being with us. Very inspirational. This is a big day. The anniversary. Thank you fellas. Thank you. In my state of the union address, I proudly declare that we are in the midst of the great American comeback and we're just getting started. After three years of ridiculous witch hunts and partisan Democrat crusades. By the way, I think they're starting another one. Did you see that? I see these phoneys. These are the do nothing Democrats. They said today that Putin wants to be sure that Trump gets elected. Here we go again. Here we go again. Did you see it? A story. Aren't people bored? Now, does that include because a couple of weeks ago, crooked Hillary said Chelsea Gabbard, right. Tulsi Gabbard and right? She was a Russian agent. Tulsi and also Stein from Jill Stein. I don't know Jill Stein. I never met the woman. She is a Green Party candidate or was they said she's an agent of Russia. I don't know her and I don't know Tulsi. The only thing I know about both of them is they're not agent. They are not agents of Russia. These people are sick. That's pencil neck, pencil neck again. Little pencil. No, I just see it again. I was told that was happening. I was told a week ago. They said they're trying to start a rumor. It's disinformation. That's the only thing they're good at. They're not good at anything else. They get nothing done. Do nothing Democrats. That Putin wants to make sure get elected. Listen to this. So doesn't he want to see who the Democrat's going to be? Wouldn't you rather have, let's say Bernie? Wouldn't he rather that Bernie who honeymooned in Moscow? Wouldn't that be? These people are crazy. That's all they think about. They don't think about the country. They don't think about jobs. They don't think about lowering your drug costs. Infrastructure. These people are crazy. Trust me, I like what we're doing and I love this country. I love this country. Now, and I campaigned on it, at the same time we want to get along with Russia, we want to get along with China, we want to get along with all these countries. Who the hell needs to have conflict? But these people are sick, they are sick people. The radical left's attempts to poison our democracy and overturn the last election have totally ended in a big fat failure. And by the way, you saw today, single best day I've ever had is the polls and any poll that the fake news gives you, because the real numbers are higher, but any poll they give you as a fake. But Wisconsin, the great state of Wisconsin, I was leading by many, many, many points against every one of these characters. Can you believe it? We got a new one. Mini Mike. How did he do in the debate the other day? Mini Mike. Here's a box Mike. Here Mike. Mini Mike. He was a beauty. What happened huh? He couldn't breathe. What happened? Mike would like to know how about that Pocahontas screaming at him. She forgot. She forgot that she lied about her own heritage. She said she was an Indian because she had high cheekbones. That was the only thing. Remember what I said, I have more Indian blood in me than she has and I have none. Right? I have none. To the best of my knowledge, wouldn't mind having some, but I happen to have none. And she choked and she went out and got a report done. One, 1 thousandth and 24 you know what that means? That means probably I do have more. Now why did he bring that up when she was screaming at him? Why? Because he was gasping for breath. I can't breathe. I can't breathe. She's hitting me too hard. Pocahontas. Well, she won that debate cause Mike could not respond. That's what they all said. They all said that. That's funny. I won, they're all shouting. It's not me that's saying it. Fake news. You fake news people. No, they all said it though. Who won the debate? Trump. You know what? The way I look at it, when fake news CNN oops, there goes the camera off. Red light just went off. See, I can tell every one of them. I know them by heart. I know the operators. I know the camera men. They're okay. They're all on our side by the way. They're screamed at. Get that camera off. I don't want to do that. Get that camera off, or it's going to be you job. All right, I'm sorry. Precedent. But how bout MSDNC? They're worse than CNN. And they're owned by people that really are bad. I think they're very bad for our country. The owners of Comcast, rotten company, bad for our country, very bad. They try, they have all these PR things to try and keep their image nice and clean. What they do on television is so disgusting. I think in the old days you had to have licenses for this stuff, right? They can say whatever they want to say. Let's see what happens over the next period of time. Bunch of dishonest people. Comcast, terrible company. Terrible people running that company. And you know what, I had Celebrity Apprentice, I had the Apprentice on for 14 seasons, 14 seasons, and they used to come to my office and they would kiss my ass. Please sign. Please. Please sign. It's an interesting story. They came and we signed, you know who signed me, Jeff Zucker. It's one of the only things he's done good in broadcasting, but I signed and NBC, as you know, is owned by Comcast, but I signed and they figured the show would be a total failure. So they only signed me for one season. You know I was going to have it. It was go on and then the show goes, started at ten went to eight, went to seven, went to five, went to four, went to two. It went to one. I had the number one show in all of television. Number one. It was a phenomenal and the final episode, remember that? With the, you remember that? Do you remember the final? We had, I don't know, it was one of the biggest shows of the year. It was a tremendous success there. But here I was, I signed with NBC and they didn't even want to waste the ink on an option. Usually they have an option for not, you know, just like they didn't do it. You stupid people. So they paid me very little for the first season I think $25,000 a show, which is considered not good. That's okay. It was fun. I didn't know it was going to be success, you know? Hey, just like this was successful. It's a recent. Because when I left and Arnold Schwarzenegger and I like Arnold said some very nice things, so I'm not, but the show did not exactly succeed when I left, but I had it on and they wanted me to sign for more and I said, no, I'm going to run for president but I'll never forget. I looked at, I didn't know anything about this business and I had an agent, wonderful guy from William Morris, and he said, sir, I don't want you to sign. No business show has ever done well on network television. Well, it's not business, it's entertainment, celebrity. Sir, I don't want you to sign. Sir, don't sign. I said, yeah, okay. But I have a problem. I shook the hand of somebody I have to. And Mark Burnett was great. He was my guy and but we shook hands. So I have to, but I agreed, you know, I didn't know that no business or no business type show had ever succeeded on a network television. So he said, I don't want you to sign sir, break it. I said, I can't break it. Can't break it. Anyway, so the show I said started at ten, went to nine, went to became, it was the number one show all of a sudden, and the agent called me up and he said, sir, I remember it was six in the morning. I was in bed. He said, sir, the show just went to number one. I'd love to see you because I think I'm entitled to more money. I said, you didn't want me to do the show. Well, not really. I mean, I was okay. He said, I'd really like more money. I said, Jim, I like you very much, Jim, you're fired. Get out. Anyway, I had 14 great seasons over about 11 years because it was so successful, they kept… They would have run it. Remember when they did the three hours, the whole night was the Apprentice. I said, wait a minute. Gone With the Wind, to mention the movie a second time, Gone With the Wind is shorter. They had the Apprentice on for three hours. I said even I think it's too long. You can't put it up for three. You got leave a little bit like I want to come back next week. But they had it on for three weeks. We did fantastically with it. Comcast did great. NBC did great. They wanted me to sign for another three years. I said, no, I'm going to for president. And that was actually the time when I knew I was going to run. Because you know how they were paying a lot of money and whether you're rich or not, it's still a lot of money. I don't care how rich you are. It's a lot. Millions and millions of dollars. And I said no, I'm going to run for president. And I did that. But from the day I ran, they went from being, you know one… But from the day I ran, they went from being wonderful, they were nice. They were nice. I guess if I didn't do well with the show they wouldn't have been nice because they weren't nice to other people that failed. People that didn't have good ratings, that business is a very simple business. If you have good ratings, you can treat them like garbage. If you have bad ratings, you can say, "Sir, I really respect you so much." Get out of here. Get him out of my yard. They're very ruthless people. But Comcast is a rotten company. They forgot totally. And they are worse than CNN. I will tell you that right now. Comcast is worse than CNN. We should call it Comcast, because that's their beautiful maiden name, Comcast. They're worse than CNN. I'll, tell you something about CNN. Jake Tapper, today he put out… Now I know you don't like him. I know. Who likes him? Who the hell can like him? I think his wife likes him. Actually. I really believe she does. But let me just tell you, he put out a couple of social media posts today, because I never call it tweet, I call it social media because it's much bigger than tweet. What we have, Dan Scavino. The great Dan Scavino. We have won five sites. We're number one on Twitter, we're number one on Facebook, and the whole world. The whole world. So it's powerful. But Jake Tapper put out some things, basically saying, I believe it, that's the way I read it, that the new Russian thing that started yesterday, that Putin wants to be sure that Trump, which give me a break. Give me a break. But Jake Tapper said it ain't so, and if he did say that because they were a little complex, they can turn them around, or when Zucker sees him and said, "Why did you put that? I want that deleted and I want you to do a different one." But he did say that. So I respect that because it's another hoax story. But we're standing up for the defense of our constitution, for our freedom, and democracy itself. You know that. I got to get that. Hey, Bobby? Bobby? See that guy? I love that shirt. Bobby, I don't know. He looks like a nice guy. Can you please walk him up, even if you have about five. Come here, come here. Come here. Come here. You got to see this shirt. You got to see this shirt. I love it. I've got to order me one that I can ride around. Come on. Come on up here. He looks safe. He doesn't look like he's going to start a fist fight. He's a good fan, I guess. You got to see this shirt. I love it. Is there any place that's more fun than a Trump rally? Right? How many rallies have you been to? 80? 80? 80. He said 80 rallies. Come up here. Come on. Come on. Come on. Look at these two guys. These guys are serious. These are serious fans, right? Are you with him? Are you with him? Are you with him? You're with him? Come on. Come up here. Man. And look at this guy Come on. Thank you, fellas. Wow. I just said, "How long have you two been together?" I figured they'd say, "We're married." He met her at the rally in Colorado. Can you believe this? Can you believe it? Man, did he get lucky. They both got lucky, right? They both got lucky. Well, that's cool. No, I just see there's so much stuff out here. It's genius, actually. While the extreme left has been wasting America's time with viral hoaxes, we've been killing terrorists, creating jobs, raising wages, enacting fair trade deals, securing our border, lifting up citizens of every race, color, religion, and creed. As you heard, we added another 225,000 new jobs last month alone. Way above anticipated schedule. And that makes 7 million new jobs since the election. The number was supposed to be under 2 million and we added 7 million. And remember, if I give you wrong numbers, the fake news is going to have headlines. "Trump gave you wrong…" I mean, it's very tough. I've got to be very careful. Even if I give you wrong in the wrong way, they'll say it was wrong. I said, "Yeah, but it was wrong in the low way." No, that's no good either. Got to be very precise with these characters. The Democrats don't have to be, but we have to be. We've destroyed he ISIS territorial caliphate 100%, we killed the founder and leader of ISIS. Al Baghdadi is dead. Al Baghdadi is dead. 17 years. They looked for him. 17 years. Al-Baghdadi. One of the first things I did when I came in. He's the founder of ISIS and when I came in three years ago, ISIS was all over the place. And I said, "You got to knock it out." We knocked it out of Syria, and, Iraq and other places. We really knocked at 100%. Remember I wanted to leave. I said, "All right." We were at 96%, then 98, then 99%. I said, "Let some of these other countries do it." Wouldn't you say, right? So what happened is I wanted to leave and they said, "No, no, no, we want 100%." So we wait and stayed. We got 100%, then we moved them all out of Syria, except we did keep the oil. You noticed that, right? We kept the oil. Sorry. They said, "He left soldiers in Syria." Yeah, I did to keep the oil, if you don't mind. Which is what we should have done in Iraq too, by the way. I would have done that. I'm making a lot of money with all that oil. But you remember that whole thing, that whole… I said, "You got to find Al Baghdadi." I've been saying that actually for two years. I had a lot of other things to do the first year, like fight off the Democrats. These crazy Democrats with their hoaxes. Think of it. If they use their genius, because they are genius at that stuff, right? They're really good. They can take nothing. They can take a perfect phone call made to the Ukrainian president who said very specifically there was no pressure. He doesn't even know what's going on and they can take this perfect call. Thank goodness I had a transcriber. Do you agree with it? Because the fake whistleblower said that the call was totally different than what the call was. So when I released the call, when I released the transcripts, they died. They said, "Oh we got a problem." They never thought I was going to do it, but I had no choice. I had to because I had to show they're liars. But think of it, they can take something like that, a perfect phone call, or they'll take just out of thin air they can make something up. And they ended up today, front page, New York Times. They used to call it the eighth column. That's the big column on the right. I don't know. The papers become so small. I don't know if they have an eighth column anymore. They used to have the eighth column, was a big deal, right? That was the big deal. Today it's too narrow. Think they're probably… After I'm gone, they won't have any columns. That's why eventually they're going to support me. Eventually, the Times and the Washington post, which will be dead as a doornail after I leave, and the CNN, it'll be an obsolete business, the cable business. MSDNC will be out of business. You know, cable was supposed to be obsolete and now they're doing the highest numbers they've ever done. If an airplane goes down with 700 people, they don't cover it. If it's not Trump related, they don't cover it. It's got to be Trump or Trump related. So if a plane goes down and it's total devastation, if the ship goes down, if the Titanic- If the Titanic equivalent went down, they wouldn't cover it unless I was on the sucker. It's true. They wouldn't cover it. The fake news would not cover the equivalent of the Titanic. But you know what they're going to do before the election? They're going to say, "We want to just say something. We're going to endorse the president." You know why? Because they'll be out of business. Can you imagine if they had to cover mini Mike? Who I don't think, I think he's gone, but you know what? He'll spend another 500 million. Don't forget I spent 70 and I won, of my money. In other words, they said, and this was in the New York Times, I said the other night in Colorado. I spent 70, mini Mike so far has spent almost $500 million dollars in order to get embarrassed by Pocahontas. Pocahontas. And she's mean, isn't she? Did you see that? Do you see the anger on her face? That nervous energy. She's jumping up and down. She's a mess. But no, no, she's mean. Right? Right? That face is just… "You want to get him?" She said, "I got him. I want to see those agreements." "I," "You open up those agreements." This poor guy probably signed a hundred of them and each one's a disaster. He said, "I don't want to open those agreements. Nobody told me this was going to happen." Said, "Actually, sir." "Nobody told me. Get me out of here." After the debate, he went backstage, fired a lot of people. He said, "How the hell did you get me into this thing?" But Pocahontas was really mean, but she's going to be easy. I hope it's her. It's not going to be her. Can't be, I don't think. Alfred E. Neuman, ladies and gentlemen, introducing president Alfred E. Neuman. Nobody knows because you're all too young. Nobody knows who Alfred… it's Mad Magazine. They all said… No. Howdy Doody. See nobody knows who Alfred E. Neuman is. Only the real aficionados. They're the ones and they love it. But that's only 15% of the crowd, right? Am I right? Better than Howdy Doody. Howdy Doody. And that's what happens when you can't get the words out. No it does. That's what happens, right? When you can't get the words out, you get angry. You get angry because you can't get the words. That might happen to me someday. Can you imagine if that happened to me? Man, would I be a bad guy. I'd be the meanest man in history. No, but Biden is very angry. He gets angrier, and angrier, and angrier. He's changed. And then you have the Tom. Yeah. He said Tom Steyer. Tom said, " Mister impeachment." How did that work out, Tom? Thank you very much for the great poll numbers between him and nervous dancing. How did that work out? This schmuck spends $250 million dollars, he ends up with one third of a percent in Iowa. But maybe that could be Rick, because they still don't have any idea what he got. Maybe he won Iowa, they took it away from him. No, but he was substantially below it. All I know, it said 1% and an arrow left. So he spends 250 million, Tom Steyer. Never heard of this guy. Who is he? Where did he get his money? Who is he? He was in the coal business, did you know that? This guy, this phony is a big environmentalist. He made his money, a lot of it, in the coal business. Nobody knows that, but he's a fake. Remember when he walked up to Bernie the other day. "Hi Bernie. Hi." Oh, and he was having a fight with Pocahontas, right? Is this the greatest? Mark Burnett said, "This is the greatest reality show in history." He said, "You can take The Apprentice, and you can take Survivor, and you can take every other reality show ever made, multiply it times 10,000, and you still don't have what we have. And even the CAS." He did say this. You got the perfect president. You got the perfect first lady. How about the first lady? You got the perfect kids. The kids, though. Those beautiful kids. My beautiful kids. They had such a great life, before I did this. Sorry, kids. Sorry. My beautiful Ivanka. She had such a great life. She Had a company that was selling shoes and everything you could sell. She'd just put her name on it and she said, "Daddy, does it matter? I want to come to Washington and help people get jobs." Right? Ain't that true? And she left the company. And when you leave a company, all of a sudden it doesn't do as well. I wouldn't say that I exactly helped talking about the wall and other things, but she left the company, came to Washington and she said 500,000 jobs. That was her goal. And she did that in the first month. She actually did. She's gotten these great companies like Walmart, and many others, Exxon, she's gotten them to take millions of people. She's now over 15 million jobs where they train people and bring them into the companies. It's incredible. 15 million. And she's smart. She got it figured out, but most people can't, but she does. But all they do is give them heat. They work so hard. And could you imagine you take Biden's son. Can you imagine? But you know what? We don't do any of that stuff. We don't do that stuff. We don't do it. The kid got $3 million dollars, 83,000 a month and he didn't have a job until his father became vice president. And speaking of vice presidents and speaking also of reality television, because it's the greatest show of all time, right? Look at us. Look. We told you, what, last night? Little change here, folks. We're going to move it up from eight o'clock in the evening until 12 o'clock in the afternoon. Little change. Just a minor change. Because I have to get back to Washington to work. I feel guilty. This is too much fun. But speaking to vice presidents and speaking of perfect vice presidents, if you become president, the first thing you have to do is choose a really horrible, horrible vice president. So if the idiots ever want to impeach you, they have to say, I can't impeach him. Look who we have. I have the perfect vice president. I have the greatest in the world. I have the greatest vice president. I don't know. I got the great ones. I said, "I can't do that." I picked a great guy. He's done a fantastic job. He's been a great vice president. But it is true. I could have picked, I'll give you names, but don't want to do that because I don't want to hurt anyone's feelings. But there are plenty of them out there. They're mostly out there and I don't want to do that. But Mike Pence has been great. But tell me, is it perfect casting the whole thing? And this isn't about casting, this is about real life. But when Mark Burnett said to me the other day, he said, "The greatest reality show of all times, times of million." That's exactly except for one thing, we work our asses off and we are doing things like nobody has ever done before. Right? Right? So, we took out Al Baghdadi and then we just took out two weeks ago the world's top terrorist, Qasem Soleimani of Iran, ending his evil reign of terror forever. He's the father of the roadside bomb. When you see our beautiful people walking around with no legs, they're walking, and trying to walk so hard, and they're really in rough shape he's the father of the… he loved the roadside bomb. He thought it was a great thing. Where is he now? Soleimani. And I'll tell you what, you know who's happy about it? The people of Iran are happy and even the leaders of Iran, because the leaders of Iran were afraid of him. Okay? And the fact is, America is respected again. We're winning. We're winning all over. We're winning in Washington that Democrats keep losing their minds. That is why millions of registered Democrat voters are leaving their party to join our movement. Look, we're a unified party. The Republican party has never been unified like it is today. I'll show you. I could say, "We're going to go over to the Hill. No, we're going to go over to someplace and we're going to do a rally at eight o'clock tonight." We'd have tens of thousands of people there. There's never been this. Ronald Reagan was great. I thought he was a great guy, great president, didn't like his policy on trade. That's okay. Trade. But if he came to Las Vegas, you know they'd have a ballroom, and they'd have 500, maybe a thousand people. What we're doing… And this isn't even, I must say this, I don't want to tell you this, this is not election season. Because we're nine months away. Election season is when you're two months away. We're not even in election season and we have more enthusiasm now. Believe it or not, then we had even before the election in 2016. It's true. It's too early. It's too early. It's true. We have a great gentleman and a woman with us, a friend of mine, mister and misses Sheldon Adelson, right over here. Great, great person. Two great people. He's got so much money, he doesn't know what the hell to do with it. He owns the Sands Hotel. That's like one of the smaller businesses. Sheldon, that's like your small business, right? He is a great guy. She's an incredible, she's a doctor, and she studies addiction, and drugs, drug addiction, all sorts of addictions. And she knows more about that subject, I think, than anybody, and she works hard and she doesn't need it. He does not need the money that she brings in. Okay? He also happens on the paper. He owns the paper. You own the paper in town, right? They wanted like a couple of hundred million dollars too much. You said, "Give it to them. It's peanuts. What the hell difference does it make? We want to thank the Adelsons. They've been incredible fans and they love Israel. They love Israel. I just saw him sitting there. I didn't know they were here. I just see him sitting there. He's something. The chairman of the Nevada Republican party, who's really been great. He's been with me for a long time and he's a very committed man. Make America great again. Oh, oh, oh. Let's do a poll quick. Just quick. I'll never get rid of MAGA because I'm superstitious. But we just hit an all time high with the stock market. Our military is rebuilt. You just got the greatest tax cuts in history, the greatest rate, regulation cuts, and all this stuff. So, let me ask you this. So, "Make America great again," it sort of doesn't work quite as well. So now we have keep America great and we have the new hat. It's higher, stiff. It's like a billboard, right? I call it the billboard. It's a billboard. So let's go just that. Because I am very surprised by it. We're going to keep them both, but I just curious if we did go to one, "Make America great again?" " Keep America great?" I can't. I would have said that's impossible. "Make America great again," is the greatest phrase. A lot of people, again, fake news, I think will agree to it. It's the greatest phrase ever used in politics. It's the greatest phrase. Now, who has the greatest phrase ever used in the history of politics and say, "Oh, let's go with a new phrase." Right? But we're going to keep it. So we have to keep MAGA. But now we have CAG, now we have CAG. So we have a both. I just don't have the courage to get rid of the one. It would be too disrespectful. Too disrespectful. But Michael McDonald, I want to thank you and the members of the Nevada Republican central committee. You're all here. They're great people. And the man came here. He loves us. He's been with us. Rick Harrison of the world famous gold and silver pawn shop. Rick Harrison. You better win, Michael. Otherwise, that's the last time I'm introducing you like that. I hear we're up. I hear we're doing nicely. I hear we're doing great. And by the way, the union, I have a lot of respect for that union. Last time, I had a strike in my building during the election. It's the only reason we would have won this state. Brilliantly to save three cents. I could have settled the strike before the election. I wanted to save $2 total. And he wasn't too good. He didn't do too good. But we almost won this state despite… I had a big strike. Had thousands and thousands of union guys. They had it, look, they wanted, wanted to show us. But I think that the unions are really with us and the unions have been with us. They're Teamsters, so many of the unions. Because I'm for the working man and woman, whether you're union or non-union. Some States are all union, some states are no union. But we get them all. And I think we're going to have tremendous success. And a lot of the Democrats are going to ruin the healthcare programs that these unions have. The unions have worked hard on healthcare and they're going to ruin them. They're going to take away… Well, we're going to… you can lose 180 million people off of great private healthcare. So we'll see what happens. But a lot of the Democrats want to do that. They think it's wonderful. But together we're building the world's most prosperous economy and the most inclusive society. That's true. Since my election, over 125- That's true. Since my election, over 125,000 new jobs have been created right here in Nevada, including over 40,000 new Nevada manufacturing and construction jobs. A 30% increase. The national unemployment rate is the lowest in over half a century, and soon we're going to have that be a historic number like so many of the others. The average unemployment rate for my administration, this is the coolest of them all, is the lowest for any United States president in recorded history. That's pretty good. When I'm in a debate, they're saying, "we're going to do this." I say, "listen, we have the best unemployment numbers in the history of our country." African American unemployment, Hispanic American. Hispanic, we got a lot of Hispanic. I love Hispanic. Who in this audience is Hispanic? Yeah, we're doing great. Well, we should be doing great. You have the lowest unemployment rates ever recorded. Asian Americans, likewise the lowest ever recorded. The unemployment rate for women reached the lowest rate in 71 years. African American youth unemployment has reached an all time historic low. People I love, people I might've helped more than anybody because of choice and accountability. The veteran's unemployment rate drop to the lowest record. Lowest in history. The unemployment rate for disabled Americans has reached an all time historic low and you got to remember they're back there checking every word. They're going," oh, my god. He's right." I can't say it because I got all these maniacs back there. They're trying to find… "He put the comma in the wrong place. He didn't make that word plural, therefore he lied." Now I've got to be very accurate because all these numbers, they check them out. "They're in there, checking them out. Check on the African American unemployment, please." Please tell me it's not historic. These people are among the most dishonest human beings on earth. Not all of them. Workers without a high school diploma. We have millions of people that didn't go through high school. They left. They had problems, good problems, bad problems, families where they don't have the money. They didn't get a high school diploma. They've achieved the lowest unemployment rate ever recorded in the history of the United States. Those are important groups of people. Half a million more Hispanic Americans now own a home. Now, Hispanic have done so good. And by the way, you know who understands the border, because we are building that wall like crazy. Remember, they also said, "if you build the wall you'll lose the Hispanic vote." I said, "I got to do what's right. You know who understands the border better than anybody? You know who understands crime at the border better than anybody? The Hispanics understand it and they don't want to be working and have people come and take their job. Have people come in where they can't pay for their house, have people come in who are very bad people." You have some very bad people. You have murderers and rapists, and we have set all sorts of records at the border, but we're up to 122 miles of wall, and it is true. The people that understand it the best are Hispanic. So, thank you. We got to make our country safe. We've lifted 10 million people off of welfare. Median household income is now the highest ever recorded in our country. Think of that. I say it all the time. President Bush, eight years, $450. President Barack Hussein Obama, eight years, $ 975. President Donald John Trump, three years. It's actually less when they did the numbers. Three years, including the big tax cuts that we got you and the regulation cuts. Three years. So, you had 450, 975, that's eight and eight. Now we're down to three years, a little less, three years, $ 10,000 per family a year. 10,000 a year. Our historic regulatory reduction campaign is restoring American liberty and ending the tyranny of federal bureaucrats. I deal with them. They're not good. It's called the swamp. We've ended the war on American energy, lowering utility bills, reducing prices at the pump, reducing your prices. Part of that number is all of the money that we save at the pump and on electric. I also recently took action on an issue Nevada has been dealing with for over 30 years. Yucca mountain. You know Yucca mountain? My budget stops funding for the licensing of waste storage at Yucca mountain, so that we can focus on positive solutions and for much better reasons and alternatives. Why should you have nuclear waste in your backyard? I won't say which countries, but you know what other countries do? I will not say which ones. They put it on a ship. They float it out into the middle of the ocean. They find a nice deep spot and they dump it. That's the end of it. But we would never do that for environmental reasons. We are reversing decades so Yucca mountain… You're okay, please. Okay. Just relax. Sheldon, do you have somebody at your newspaper back there who can write. Yucca mountain, please. He'll call up, "Yucca mountain is okay." That's the end of that. So Yucca mountain, you're in great shape. Maybe they can finally report it properly, but we're reversing decades of calamitous trade policies. For years, Washington politicians took money from lobbyists, global corporations and corrupt special interest to ship our jobs and factories and all of this stuff and all of this wealth. They stole our wealth. They shipped it overseas and to other countries. America lost one in four manufacturing jobs following the twin disasters of NAFTA and China's entrance into the WTO, the world trade organization. Probably an even worse deal for us than NAFTA, if that's possible, but under my administration, the great betrayal of America is over. America is no longer for sale. Last month we ended the NAFTA catastrophe and I signed the brand new U.S., Mexico, Canada agreement USMCA. See, we played the song YMCA because that's the only way you'll remember. Just think of the song YMCA. Think of the song and you'll remember that USMCA is a gigantic victory for farmers, ranchers, and manufacturers all across the great state of Nevada. I also took the strongest ever action to confront China's massive theft of America jobs. Our strategy worked. Last month, we signed a ground breaking trade agreement. Probably the biggest agreement of any kind ever signed with China that will defend our workers, protect our intellectual property and boost American exports by a lot. China will be buying $250 billion worth of goods from us now and 50 billion from our farmers. My guys wanted 16, I said, "make it 50." My guys wanted 16, they got China up to 20. I said, "Nope. Got to make it 50," and then I said to China, "you got a billion and a half people. What difference does it make?" They said, "you're right." 50 billion, I don't think our farmers can produce that much, but we're going to soon find out. They're going to buy very large tractors. After years of building up other countries, we are finally rebuilding our country. we are finally putting America first. Or no issue of Washington Democrats more thoroughly sold out the American people than the issue of immigration. Before I came into office, the far left's policy of open borders allowed deadly drugs to flow freely into our country, poisoning our children, including right here in a very big way. The great state of Nevada. Washington Democrats put the needs of illegal immigrants before the wellbeing of American citizens. You know that, you've been complaining about it for a long time. It's one of the reasons you voted for Trump. They want to let anyone from around the world simply walk across the border and then they want to give them a lifetime of free welfare, of healthcare, of lots of other things, including education. All paid for by the taxpayers of the United States. Illegal immigration costs Nevada taxpayers, think of it, more than $1.6 billion every year, over $1,500 per household. For the amount of money Washington Democrats want to spend supporting illegal immigrants, we could rebuild every city, all of these distressed areas in the United States, throughout our country. The money spend, it's not even thinkable and don't forget when we say come, like in California the clown, he says, "come, we'll give you free healthcare." People that weren't even thinking about coming. That's why we have caravans of people that we're turning back. Mexico's been great. By the way, they gave us 27,000 soldiers on our border. But when a governor, nice guy actually, he's a nice guy. We just got to explain the facts of life. He's a nice guy. Oh doctor, please. Doctor in the house, please. Medical, please. A doctor. Thank you. Take your time. We've got plenty of time. Yeah, take your time please. A lot of these people have been here for three days. It's a lot. Those front row people are tough. Take your time, doc. Thank you, everybody. Thank you, doctor. That's true. They get here so… They stand and sit and sometimes days early. In Colorado, they're there three, four days early. It's tough. And we work it and make sure that you have everything you want. Number one, we cover the facts and number two, we want to have a good time because we have to have a good time. But things like that happen a lot because after two, three days, it's not easy and these are strong people. I'm not going to fight any of them, okay? Now, amazing people. Thank you very much. Under my administration, we're finally taking care of our own citizens first, including millions of illegal immigrants who follow our laws, pay their taxes, lift up our society, and are entitled to a government that protects their families and protects their communities. Every day, Democrats' open border policies are harming and killing innocent people. You know what's happening, you know what's going on. In this region alone last year, ICE officers, and they're patriots. They're strong, tough patriots. If we didn't have them. They remove thousands and thousands of MS13 gang members a year and plenty of others. Who else is going to do it? ICE officers arrested over 5, 000 criminal aliens charged or convicted of dangerous offenses, including robbery, rape, and even murder. Many murders. In Western Nevada, an illegal alien was charged with robbing and brutally executing four victims last year. Right here in Las Vegas, three MS13 gang members abducted a man, tied him up with his shoelaces, shot him repeatedly, and hacked him to death with a machete. You know exactly what I'm talking about. It's right here in your place, in Las Vegas, right here. Tied up and hacked him to death. Yet left wing politicians oppose all detention of illegal aliens, even convicted criminals and murderers, and they support deadly sanctuary cities. I say this all the time and I just… How the hell, where are they coming from? I don't get it right. Seriously, I don't get it. Sanctuary cities imperil American lives by releasing dangerous criminal aliens directly into your communities. If you want to shut down sanctuary cities, if you want to protect your family and your loved ones, you must vote Republican in 2020. And you have some great ones here, Michael. Thanks to our tireless efforts to secure the border, we have reduced illegal border crossings eight straight months in a row. And as the wall gets longer, it gets easier and easier. Remember when the Democrats were saying, "you don't need a wall." Two things that never change, right? All these computers, they said, "use drones." Oh great, we'll fly over with drones. Watch the people pour in by the thousands. That's great. Use drones. Before I came along, they all wanted a wall. They just didn't know how to build it. They had no clue. They had the money, they actually gave the money back, but they had no clue. But as soon as I came in and I said, "Wall," they went against and I made a terrible mistake. We catch them. You know the story. They come over, could be a killer, murderer, rapist. They come over. We can't do anything. We have to be politically correct. We catch them. We then say, "what's your address?" They don't know. They don't even know their country in many cases. Where do you come from? We don't know and they mean it, but some are very serious criminals. So, we catch them, we take whatever they can take, which is nothing, and then we had to release them in our country. We can't bring them back. And then we have a system of judges, thousands of judges all over the place. You got to be like Perry Mason and every illegal that comes in, they have the lawyers. The lawyers meet them, they get paid fees, but we're breaking the system. No more catch and release, you think that was easy? And the big thing is that 30 foot… And this wall is built exactly to the specifications of border patrol. Totally. And border patrol has seized the largest amount, just recently, of deadly narcotics ever recorded. The largest amount. We've deported record numbers of gang members. We've done more to secure the border than any administration in history. We are, as I said, building the wall faster than ever. Faster and bigger than anyone thought possible. They can't believe we're getting it done. We'll have over 500 miles of wall built sometime next year. 500 miles. Washington Democrats have never been more extreme than they are right now. 132 congressional Democrats have now signed up for Bernie Sanders takeover of healthcare that would strip 180 million Americans, many of them in this room, of their private coverage. Remember president Obama? Remember, he said, "you can keep your doctor, you can keep your plan." 28 times, he lied, so we should impeach him. We're going to impeach him. We'll do a belated impeachment. 28 times, "you can keep your doctor," right? Remember, you could keep your doctor. Unfortunately, when they found out you can't keep your doctor, he said, "I was just kidding." Now, we should impeach him. We'll do a belated impeachment. Fake news, you have it. See, you have to be very careful when you say impeachment because you know what they do? They go back and they write. President Trump said that Obama should be impeached, but he's not in office and so therefore they can't impeach. He doesn't know what he's talking about because he's not in office, so therefore they can't. So, you have to be very careful. That's why I use the word belated impeachment. Belated, meaning I'm just kidding, okay? They do it all the time. They had it the other day. I said, "bring back Gone With The Wind," right? I said a little bit up here, but I said the movie the other day in Colorado, I guess. I said, "Huh, South Korean movie won." They said, "ladies and gentlemen, the winner of the Academy Award is …" A movie made in South Korea, what's this all about? And I deal with them, they like me. We're helping them a lot. They're killing us on trade. They beat us on trade and then they win the Academy Award for a fricking movie. But we redid that trade deal, but the other day they got me on this one too. I said, "whatever happened to Gone With the Wind, that beautiful movie? Vivian Lee, Clark Gable, right? Whatever happened, bring back Gone With the Wind." And some of them wrote, "he doesn't know that that movie was made in 1936." He says fake news. It is fake news, they're fakers. But now, anybody sitting there reading this saying, "man, Trump, can't be that smart. He said bring back Gone With the Wind. That's an old movie." Yeah, it's an old classic. What I say is make great movies, not this computerized garbage. And I was never a fan of Brad Pitt, I will tell you that. No, I thought he was a stiff. He was a stiff, it's like a boring guy. All of a sudden he wins the Academy Award, so fitting. Their ratings aren't so good at the Academy Awards. You know when that stopped? When they started attacking us, their ratings went right down the tubers. I told somebody, the evening newscasts, they're terrible for conservative people and they're crooked, they're absolutely dishonest. I said to one of the big broadcasters, I'm friendly with him. I said, "if you ever did a conservative newscasts, instead of… you got, ABC is terrible. NBC is just absolutely atrocious." And they do badly. Not a lot of people are watching. They used to, when we had the late, great Walter Cronkite and these legends, right? But ABC is terrible and NBC is terrible and CBS is terrible. They're all the same. And I said, "your ratings stink. If you would do a newscast that's conservative, I'd get them a host. I could recommend guys right now, right? I'd get them a host. We'll call up… Don't take Sean Hannity away from us. Don't take our show. That's my problem, I don't want to take away any of our people. You get a Pete Hegseth. You get a Jesse Waters. You get… I could name so many of them, right? And you put them on that broadcast, their ratings would go up five fold but they don't know that. I don't know. They're stupid. Their ratings would go through the roof, but they would rather have a failed broadcast that nobody watches than put on a conservative person and lift the ratings five times. They would rather have a fail… Seven months ago we had a little skit, and they were hoping the market would crash because they would rather lose their money, or big parts of it, and have a really horrible market on the basis that we, not me, we could not be elected on November 3rd. This is how crazy- … on November 3rd. This is how evil, this is how crazy they are. They've gone crazy. I guess you call it Trump derangement syndrome. But if they ever did a conservative broadcast, meaning very fair, very honest When I say that, it's almost like do a fair broadcast. Just a fair broadcast. That thing would be the hottest show. But they don't realize it. And if they do, they probably wouldn't do it anyway because they don't want to go away from what they're doing, which is crazy because it is, they're doing very poorly. While the social and socialist Democrats are trying to destroy American healthcare and your Social Security, they're putting it at risk, my administration is protecting your Social Security. Remember they said, four years ago in the debates and you had this crazy woman. I mean, I hate to mention her name. I did it you know, yesterday. I threw all the runs, hates it. She's a zero. It's got zero television personality. Aero AB Stoddard, whoever that is. She said, "Donald Trump lost all of his debates." I won every debate and maybe, I don't know maybe one somebody, but I won with tremendous numbers. He says, "You always won." I'm not sure. We try, I'll tell you that and we're winning now. But this crazy woman who's got zero going, zero. She said, "Donald Trump lost his debates that he won." You know, she was talking about how badly Benny Mike did. So she said, "Well, Donald Trump." No, I won every single debate. I won them against crooked Hillary. I won them in the primaries like 15 or 16 debates. And for some reason, you know, sometimes you do say, it's not a big deal. Nobody watches it. Nobody cares. Nobody even knows who she is. I just made her famous, right? She's nothing. She's nothing. She's got no talent, got nothing. She's probably got a little drive. That's how she keeps getting on television. Other people don't have her drive. But you know what? I said, "That's really unfair." So I took out the polls, Time magazine, Drudge, good guy, Drudge, Drudge. We took out a lot of different things and we put up the Drudge poll, the Time magazine and many others. And some of them had to be down to like at 91% and they didn't have many people and I can't really show up because many of those people are now great friends of mine. Some of them are great Republican senators. I'm not going to show results, but I'm holding it up just quickly glancing. I call it a glancing blow, but we won the debates and I have this fake news person saying, "Donald Trump did very poorly in the debates." I want every debate easily. I never did it before. Remember my first question? I said, "Rosie O'Donnell." That was one of my best answers. Rosie O'Donnell who violated the campaign finance laws as badly as anybody I've ever seen and nothing happens to her. Right? And yet ‘jevich violate … He made a little mistake and they want to destroy him. So we pardoned him. We pardoned him. By the way, he made a mistake. Rosie O'Donnell. That was a massive violation of the campaign finance laws but Dinesh, Dinesh, they wanted to put him in jail. I don't know. I think he might've even gone to jail for a period of time for doing something that was really very understandable. Rosie O'Donnell. Five times what she did is incredible. Nothing happens. And then she gets on and says, what a bad guy I am. I'm not a bad guy, but it's really a disgrace. You know, it's a disgrace. I'm glad they didn't do anything with it, frankly because you know what to do for something like that. But you know what? We have two sets of justices in this country. It's no good. It's no good. It's no good. You know the thing we're working on right now? We're trying to get fairness for a certain person who's been treated very unfairly. A man who had a juror, who was a radical anti-Trump person, and she didn't say that when she went up there and she became the foreperson of the jury and she did terrible things and said terrible things. And you know how they caught her. When he was convicted and then a statement was made, she started jumping up and down screaming, " Yes, yes." And started telling everybody. They said, "Wait a minute. Wasn't she just a juror?" The woman was totally biased. How do you do this? So I fight. Look, I fight. A lot of times it's not worth it, but I got to fight for fairness. I got to fight for fairness. Got to fight for fairness. It's a very unfair system. I guess it's called the swamp. When I said drain the swamp, it was a nice phrase. I never liked the phrase. When I was campaigning, somehow the phrase came up, "Sir, I think we have a phrase, drain the swamp." I said, "I don't like it. That's too hokey." But one day I was in a big arena, 25,000 people packed before the election and I said, "And we will drain the swamp." The place went crazy. I said, "Wow, you never know. You never know." Frank Sinatra said his best song. I won't tell you which one because I'll ruin it for you, but his best song is the song that he thought would never make it, the song that he liked the least, but he said that's the one that was the most successful that the people like you never know. So I said, "Drain the swamp." And the people went crazy. I said, "Woah." I said, "Let's try that again." And the next time I did it again and again and again. I only didn't know how disgusting and dirty the swamp is and a lot of the media is a big part of the swamp. So my administration is protecting your social security, your Medicare, and is fighting to give you great healthcare. We're defending your right to keep your doctor and your plan. We're defending that right. You're going to have that right back. We're going to cancel that Obamacare if we could win the case and we're going to give you great healthcare and we're making healthcare better and much cheaper while premiums more than doubled in the last five years before I took office. We're managing it very well. We got rid of the individual mandate, by far the most unpopular thing where you had to pay a lot of money for the privilege of not having to pay for bad healthcare, right? We got rid of it. And it was upheld in the Supreme Court, what we did. Whenever we get sued, everything we do, if we move, if we take 10 steps right or left, we get sued and we're now offering plans that are up to 60% less expensive. We're going to make healthcare a big part of this campaign. We're protecting people with preexisting conditions and we always will. That's why if we are successful, you don't want the Supreme Court to try and get rid of this, the caucus. It's a caucus known as Obamacare, but we're running it much better than they did. Remember when they had, this was the greatest, the $5 billion website, right? 5 billion. It was supposed to cost 5 million. I have a son at home. He's 13. He's a genius with computers. "Hi, dad. What's up? Dead dad. Get out of here." Hey listen. I'm the president of the United States, pal. Don't talk to your dad. "Dad, Come on dad. Can't you see I'm playing with my computer?" The guy talks to me and he's working with his computer. These guys are genius. You know, they grow up with like walking, right? But he's looking at me. I could have given him their healthcare site. He would have done it for nothing and it would have been better than what they have. So remember, come on, dad. I'm busy, dad. What do you want? What do you want, dad? Barron, woah. Wow, he's going to like that. He's a good boy. He's a tall boy. I'll tell you that. Just turned 13. He's up there. I'm saying, "Hi Barron. How are you doing?" But they're great with the computers. They spent 5 billion. Okay. It was going to cost 50. It was going to cost five. It was going to cost 50. Then it was going to .. What was the final number? Five hundreds. The number that they spent, $5 billion. Right? It still doesn't work. They spent $5 billion. Right? And they spent $500 million on all of the problems it caused and we've really straightened it out, but it's still lousy healthcare, Obamacare. And it's really not Obamacare anymore because when you get rid of the individual mandate, it's no longer Obamacare but we're going to terminate it. We're going to give you your preexisting a hundred per- otherwise I won't do it. We're going to give you brand new preexisting and we're going to have a great healthcare that's much less expensive. And we're fighting to stop surprise medical bill and Barron's is going to be very happy. I signed an executive order imposing price transparency because when providers are required to show their prices, those same prices fall very fast. You know, a man that does this very professionally is great, into the healthcare business and you have to be careful when you say it, but you know it was just a very strong statement. But he said, "Sir, price transparency in hospitals. Where you can bid it out and you can look at the prices. Right now you can't see. If you go to a hospital, they won't even tell you how much it's going to cost. They operate and then they'll give you a bill and you'll say, "Oh my god, I had no idea it could be." They take blood. We have one person, blood $39. Another place, the exact same thing, $2500. Take blood, a blood test. One is $39 one, is $2500. The same test. Maybe the $39 test is better. Who the hell knows? But it's crazy. Price transparency and he looks at me. He goes, and he's a real pro. One of the top in the country. He said, "Sir," and nobody wanted to do it because it's a little bit controversial and a lot of the drug companies don't exactly love it. The hospitals don't love it, but I got to do what's right for you. The people, I don't care, I'm not. I got to do it. But he looked at me. And this is why I did it. It was one phrase. You know, do you ever do where you're not going to do something? And then somebody hits you with a perfect phrase. He said, "Sir, price transparency is bigger than healthcare." I said, "What do you mean by that?" He said, "You will see numbers that far outweigh healthcare, hospitals, doctors." He said, "You'll be able to price out everything. You'll be able to see costs." He said, "Price transparency." You know, people you've heard about this for 15, 20 years. No president has the guts to do it. Probably means I won't get campaign contributions from certain people, but I'm not going to get them anyway. What the hell difference does that make? I don't want them. I don't want them. I got to do what's right. You know, we're here for a short period of time. Even if it's a long period, it's still a short period and we've got to do so. Price transparency is a big deal. He said it's bigger than healthcare. Think of that. Bigger than healthcare. So let's see what happens. But that'll kick in. Unfortunately, that kicks in after the election because we're going through the final stages. We going through a statutory process, unfortunately. So think of it, we're going to win. But let's say the fake news could give me enough phony stories, enough bad stuff that we don't make it. The new president will get all the credit for price transparency and he won't even know what the hell it is. And I took the heat. Isn't that something? But we're going to win. We got to win for that reason alone. We've approved a record number of affordable new generic drugs, which are just as good as the name brand drugs, but a fraction of the cost. And that was another one. Tremendous political pressure. Think of it. You own Bayer aspirin. You own all these name name brand drugs that are making so much money. And then the guy comes along said, "I want to make 20 forms of aspirin." They're exactly the same. Exactly. But they don't have a big name on it. Exactly as good. I don't say better. I don't say worse. They're exactly the same. You know, people still, they want to go out and buy the name. You know? I do. I do. You know? Because it's just because we're stupid. No, it's true. They're exactly the same. We're approving so many of the generic drugs, a record number. Nobody's ever approved so much. The drug companies hate it. They hate it. Never happened like what we're doing. We also took down the trial periods from 12 years down to five or six years. They'd have a new drug. The thing was obsolete by the time it got approved. We've passed a really spectacular thing that they've been trying to get for 40 some odd years. Right to try. So you don't have to now go if you get, hopefully nobody in this room has those kind of problems. Right to try. And so now you go and you sign a waiver and you get everything. It's great. If you're terminally ill. If you're very, very sick, you're not going to make it. And you know why they didn't do it? They wouldn't approve it because they didn't want to be sued. And they said, "No, this could be dangerous." They said, "The people are terminally ill, they're going to die. Let them use the experimental drugs. Don't wait because they have another four or five years before they can come onto the market." And it turned out we are having such unbelievable results. And you know what else? Some of those drug companies are now like it. That they fought me like crazy because it's really showing if it works there, it's really showing that it works. It's pretty amazing. Right to try and this is really something, brand new initiatives combating kidney disease and combating Alzheimer's disease. We've made a lot of progress. We've made a lot of progress, Sheldon and we're pursuing new advances in the neonatal research to care for America's youngest patients, our babies, and breaking all records in so doing. All of the radical Democrats in the presidential debates have declared their unlimited support for extreme late term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mother's womb right up until the very moment of birth. This is why in my state of the union address, did you like it? Good. It's a different kind of address. You know, we can go lots of different ways, right? Presidential, not presidential. I was presidential. Totally. You'd have about three people standing here, but I asked Congress to prohibit late term abortion of babies because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift from God. The Democrat party is the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late term abortion, socialism, blatant corruption, and the total obliteration of your very, very important second amendment. The Republican party is the party of the American worker, the American family, the American dream, and the late great Abraham Lincoln, which everybody forgot. Republicans are fighting for citizens from every background, every community, and every single walk of life. We are the party of boundless optimism, excitement, energy, and enthusiasm. We are wealthy, right? Are we enthusiastic? You know how many of these I've done in the last four days? People say, "Where the hell do you get your energy?" I say, "Well, the truth is I like what I do and if we weren't getting the results, I wouldn't like it." If we weren't getting the results. If I didn't see the results, I wouldn't like it at all. We're welcoming Americans of all parties and political persuasions to join our incredible movement to make America great again. We're a very big party. We are the party of big ideas for the future. Republicans are fighting for school choice because no parent should ever be forced to send their child to a failing government school. I passed criminal justice reform to give former prisoners a second chance at life. Was never going to happen. We got it done. This could not have been done by anyone but the Republican party and ourselves. You know the Democrats have tried for years. They couldn't get it done. We got it done. To uphold the rule of law. We are confirmed and this is something they say. Most important thing you can do, judges. I say most important thing is defense. Second is judges. A record number of 217 federal judges who will interpret the constitution as written. And we have appointed two great new Supreme court justices, Neil Gorsuch and Brett Kavanaugh. I recognized Israel's true capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem and we recognize Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights. We have invested $2.2 trillion to rebuild the United States military, including more than $130 million for Nellis air force base right here. And we just created the sixth branch of the American armed forces, the Space Force, 72 years, 72 years. The air force was 72 years ago. We just did a branch. It's a big deal, isn't it? Think of it. A branch, the army, the air force. Think of it. We did a branch. For years you watched as your politicians apologized for America. Now you have a president who is standing up for America and we are standing up for the people of Nevada. At stake in our present battle is the survival of our nation. If you want your children to inherit the blessings that generations of Americans have fought and died for to secure, then we must devote everything we have toward victory in November of 2020 November 3rd. November 3rd. Only this way can we save the America we love and drain the Washington swamp once and for all. With your help, we will lift millions more of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence and poverty to prosperity. Together we will elect a Republican Congress to create a fair, safe, sane and lawful system of immigration. We will continue to enact new trade deals that result in more products proudly stamped with that very beautiful phrase, "Made in the USA." We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding new cures for childhood cancer and ending the AIDS epidemic within nine years in America. And we will land the first woman on the moon and become the first nation in the world to plant its flag on Mars. We will defend privacy, free speech, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms. And that is under siege in case you haven't noticed. You know, your second amendment is under siege. Just don't worry. Long as I'm here, they're not touching it. Above all, we will never stop fighting for this. So true. But we will never stop fighting for the sacred values that bind us together as one America, we support, protect and defend the constitution of the United States. We stand with the incredible heroes and they are heroes. We love them, of law enforcement. We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life. We believe that faith and family, not government bureaucracy are the true American way. We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. And we live by the words of our national motto, in God we trust. From Carson city to Reno to right here in Las Vegas, we stand on the shoulders of red blooded American patriots who poured out their heart, sweat, and soul to secure our liberty and to defend our great, beautiful, lovely freedom, freedom, freedom. Freedom. Nevada was founded by pioneers and prospectors, miners and cowboys who tamed the frontier, raised the mighty Hoover dam. That's a beauty. Transformed the barren desert into a shining oasis, lit up the lights of the Las Vegas strip and help to make this the greatest nation ever to exist on the face of the earth. And we are making it greater than ever before. Proud citizens like you helped build this country and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working. We are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. We are one movement, one people, one family and one glorious nation under God. America is thriving like never before. And ladies and gentlemen of Nevada, the best is yet to come together. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again and we will make America great again. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you. Thank you, Nevada. Thank you, Las Vegas. We love Las Vegas. Thank you everybody. Thank you.
So thank you Pennsylvania, very much. I'm thrilled to be in Latrobe, the home of the late, great, my friend, Arnold Palmer. What a great guy he was. What a great guy. Thank you very much. 61 days from now, we're going to win the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and we are going to win four more years in the White House. Joe Biden wants to surrender your jobs to China. You know that. His son walked out with a lot of money for doing nothing. He wants to surrender your nation to the radical left wing mob. He's trying to change now. We say that's not working because we're going up and he's dropping like a rock in water. And before the China virus, this election was over. Now I had to go back to work and we've done a great job on it. We don't get the credit. We don't get the credit. We made a lot of governors look very good. But I will keep your jobs in America, and I'll bring rioters, looters, violent extremists, anarchists, we will bring them to justice. That's what we're doing right now. We have over 400 right now under arrest. These are bad people. Over the last three and a half years, we've secured America's borders, fixed our broken trade deals, rebuilt the United States military, obliterated the ISIS caliphate 100%, secured American energy independence, and built the single greatest economy in the history of the world, and now we're going to do it again. Have to do it again. Have to do it again. Got to do it again. And it's happening. You see what's happening. Job numbers, retail sale numbers, they're all at records. It's happening. It's happening very fast. It's actually happening in a super V, not a V. It's a super V and you'll see that, and big numbers are coming out and have come out, and just watch your set or watch your newspaper. Read your newspaper. You're seeing numbers that, congressmen, we haven't seen those numbers ever before, actually. We've never seen them. And by the way, we have record stock markets. We have record everything. You're going to have an incredible economic year next year. Your stocks are going up. Your 401s are through the roof. I had a little pause today. People wanted to take some profits and probably somebody said something stupid along the way. But the stock market's at record levels. Think of it. In the hopefully rounding the turn on the pandemic, we're rounding that turn, and vaccines are coming along great. The job that they've done, the doctors, everybody else, we're years ahead of schedule. Anybody else's President, you wouldn't be talking about vaccines for two or three years from now. I'll tell you right now. That I can tell you. Biden will never be able to protect your jobs or your family. He is a puppet of the socialists, Marxists, and the cop hating extremists. And they are cop hating. And we love our law enforcement. We love our law enforcement. And by the way, I don't know if you saw this, if there's any way of you seeing it, we have thousands of people behind this hangar, thousands, and we're trying to get them in. And I'd love to get them in. I mean, it's an airport. Let them go to the runways. Okay? Let them in. I mean, literally there, we landed. I actually thought that was the crowd. We're doing the hanger thing now because the arenas can't do it because of the pandemic for a while, a little while. But in certain ways, I like this better. I don't have to travel. I get off the plane. I make a speech. I get the hell out of here. No, these are great. Do you remember the last days before the campaign? I'd do a lot of them a day. Get off that plane. It was a little different plane. It was black and white instead of the blue and white. But we had some time. And that was an important day and that was an important year, 2016. But I will tell you, the election that we have coming up is the single most important election in the history of this country. And we had a level of enthusiasm, I mean, even look today. With all going on, look at the kind of crowds we have. But we had record enthusiasm in 2016. By the way, was that greatest evening ever? November. And now it's going to be November 3rd, and we'll keep it going and we'll get it all like a tree. You move that tree. It takes a little while to plant, your tax cuts. They're going to raise your taxes. They're going to take away your guns. Really, if you look. And you know, they'll criticize me for saying this, the fake news media, which is back there, with their fake polls. The same as last year. We could just put it all on tape. The fake polls, the fake everything. You know, they're called suppression polls. They're meant to make you depressed. Are you depressed? You don't look depressed. We have the real numbers. We're leading everywhere. We are leading everywhere. I'll tell you. I think we're way ahead of what we were four years ago, and there's far more enthusiasm. Our base is bigger. It's stronger. And we've done the greatest job. Again, if we didn't get hit by the plague from China, between us, I would have canceled, Mr. Congressman, most of the rallies. I wouldn't have needed a rally. That's a little bit unfair, but that's okay. That's what China's done to our nation. They've screwed us for a long time on a lot of different ways. Never has anybody ripped off our nation like China, and I've taken in billions and billions of dollars. We never took in 25 cents from China. And I gave $28 billion, right, $28 billion to the farmers because they were targeted unfairly by China. And our farmers are very unhappy. I don't think we have too many farmers in this wonderful Pennsylvania town. I know we have a lot of boilermakers over there. We got a lot of boilermakers, I'll be talking about them. Look at those guys. Nobody going to mess with them. I'll tell you. We're going to be talking about them in a minute. But for the entire summer, Biden was silent as far left rioters viciously attacked law enforcement in Democrat run cities all, burned down businesses, terrorized civilians, and just recently marched through the streets chanting, "Death to America." This is what we have. Death to America. And by the way, we could end it like immediately. You saw what we did in Wisconsin. It ended. It took a while for the governor. You know, they have to ask us in. It's like, otherwise we have to do something much bigger and it's totally unnecessary. The National Guard is fantastic. I went to see them two days ago. Biden went there today. There was nobody there. There was nobody there. He was a little late. I was going to say, "Hey, listen, we ended that problem." But we could end it in Portland. Wise guys in Portland. Anarchists. They're agitators. They're looters. I'll tell you we could end it in Portland in a half an hour. We did it in Seattle. We told them we're coming in. You either end it or were coming in. Congressman, we were going in the next day. We were all set. I was actually disappointed, to be honest. They ended it in Seattle. They took over 20% of the city. Do you believe this? And the mayor said, "No, it's going to be a summer of love." These people are crazy. So we end them very quickly. We end them very quickly. And now what we're doing is we're holding back funds for cities that don't know what they're doing, where they allow crime to run rampant. And we put a 10 year prison sentence at anybody that knocks down a statue. I took out an old ordinance, a very old one, because today in Congress, you don't get things like that today. They think that you should just have no cash bail. They do the no cash bail. You kill somebody. There's no bail. Don't worry about it. Go out. But I took out an old ordinance. I gave a new executive order. It says 10 years in prison. And amazingly, amazingly, that was three and a half months ago. And they were having a big march on Washington, march elsewhere, and amazingly, that was the end of the statues coming down. No statutes. And we're actually prosecuting people for having done it. We made it retroactive to the beginning. Terrible. Terrible. And by the way, the state statues and monuments, they have to do the same thing. It's real easy. But the rioters that want Biden to win, they want him to win because their agenda, it's what they want. It's the craziest thing I've ever seen. They both want to cut funding for police. They want to end that cash bail. They want to hire far left prosecutors and judges, and let the criminals run wild. The radical left District Attorney in Portland, Mike Schmidt, his name is, has released hundreds of rioters that announced that anyone arrested for interfering with police officers, disorderly conduct, criminal trespass, rioting, and other offenses will not be prosecuted under any circumstance. Oh, it's worse. It's worse. You have somebody in Philadelphia who's worse, right? Worse. In his manifesto with Bernie Sanders, that's what it is, Biden agreed to all these things. You notice now, "No, no. I never said about fracking. I never said." If you don't do fracking in Pennsylvania, 900,000 jobs and your energy bills will triple. Other than that, I don't think you should have it. Okay? No, but he said in the manifesto, plus he said many times, we put on the clip yesterday where he, no fracking, no this, no that, I mean, no guns. How about guns? No guns. No second amendment. Biden has pledged to a point prosecutors who extend these insane far left policies nationwide. That's what he's done. That's called the manifesto. He agreed to all this stuff. The craziest thing, you're supposed to bring it to the right. He actually brought it further left. Bernie never dreamt that this was possible, crazy Bernie. Do you know crazy Bernie? I had a lot of his voters come to me four years ago, a big percentage. You know why? Because I agree with him and he agrees with me on one thing, trade. The trade. Because he knew that other countries are ripping us off and so did I. Nobody else got it. Especially Biden never got it. He never got it. Still doesn't get it. Now he really gets nothing. I tell you. He didn't get it in prime time. Now he really doesn't get it. But it's okay for them to make every city look just like Portland which is a disaster. And again, we could clean it up. We just go right through it. 5,000, 10,000, right through it. These guys are tough. They're smart. And they love our country. They love our country. We'll clean it up in one half hour. It'll be over.  strength. They don't understand. Nice. They chased him out of his home. Unbelievable. Biden's plan is to appease the domestic terrorist. And my plan is to arrest them and prosecute them. And I will always defend law abiding citizens. That's why the rioters are voting for Biden and the law enforcement people, you know, we have it from everybody. We just got the sheriffs in Florida, all of them, all of them. We got Ohio. We got Texas. We got North Carolina. We got South Carolina. We got everybody. I see Rick Perry right there. Rick Perry, what are you doing here, Rick? Rick Perry, one of the greats. But they're all voting for me. This election is about safety and this election is about jobs. Today, I'm delighted to accept a very, very special endorsement from people I like. Sort of grew up with these people. I don't know what it is, the relationship we have with all of us, with all of us. What I'm endorsing, I'm getting an endorsement tonight from some very, very special people. They work hard. They do great. We really put them back to work because this state was in trouble. At last year, you had the single greatest economic year in the history of your whole operation, right? Of your whole operation. You've never had anything like that. This has been your greatest. This has been prior to the plague coming in. It's been the Commonwealth's greatest. Can we ever call the Commonwealth a state? You have two places. But you always have to say, well, wait a minute. Is this one a Commonwealth? Two places. You know what the other place is? Name it. Huh? That's right. How did you know that, Congressmen? Huh? But this Commonwealth, it's a great Commonwealth. It's a great place. And the boilermakers, local union, it's Local 154 of the boilermakers. They chartered in Pittsburgh 125 years ago. None of you were around to see it, and it now represents members in Pennsylvania, Ohio, and West Virginia. And I want to thank John Hughes and the boilermakers here today. It's a great honor to have you. Where's John? Where the hell is John? Stand up, John. John, we appreciate it. We appreciate it. Do you know why John is the head? You know why? Because look, he's got the worst location. I say, "Where's John?" I'm looking in the front row. Put up your hand, John. Look at that guy. He's great. You've got my vote, John. Hey, boilermakers, thank you. What a job you do. You're the heart of this country. You really are. Thank you very much. That's a great endorsement. That's a great endorsement. Joe Biden spent the last 47 years shipping Pennsylvania jobs to China and foreign nations. And I've spent the last four years bringing them back home and we're bringing them back home. Bringing a lot of things back home. I ended the last administration's eight year pure war on Pennsylvania oil, and coal, and fracking. If you look at the natural gas, what they've done to this state, what they were doing to this state. It was sort of easy. I just opened it up and I said, "Do it." And the investment put into Pennsylvania, the investment put into the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania has been record setting. But again, you had the greatest year you've ever had last year prior to the virus. You're going to be set. Now with what we're doing, I believe that this next quarter, which will be announced, interestingly, just prior to the election, so I'm putting myself on the line, but I know what's going to happen. The numbers are going to be great. And next year is going to be one of the greatest years not only for Pennsylvania, but for the entire country. So Joe Hiden, we have a new one, Joe Hiden. We call him Joe Hiden. I have all. What do you like better? What do you like better? We got a number. Let's do a little poll. Can we do a poll? I saved myself so much money. You know, I saved myself so much money. We do these polls with thousands, and those people are coming in from the back, are they not? Yes? They're coming in. I'm telling you wouldn't have believed it. I'm landing. I wasn't waving at you. I was waving at them. There's more. But I do these polls. Right? And it's like a perfect poll. Do you ever see the companies? You give them a million bucks and they do a poll, like 78 people were polled. Now you've got thousands of people. So tell me. What's your feeling, first of all in the name You like MAGA, Make America Great Again? Yes? Oh, you are the one. You are a man. I made you famous today. You said the nicest things about me. Thank you. Did you see him on television today? I think you're great. I think you're great. Thank you. No, he called me a great Christian and a great Christian leader. Thank you. But he did say I wasn't perfect, but that's okay. I said thank you, anyway. Right? No, that was really great. That was really great. Biden- No that was really great. That was really great. But if you look at it, the things they've done, we're going to go through a couple of different polls as we go along because I love the people saying do this or do that. But one of the things I got you out of is this thing sounds so good but it's so bad. It's a rip off of our country. The so-called Paris Climate Accord. It's a disaster, a death sentence. It's a death sentence for your energy jobs. I took it out. I withdrew from that calamity. Biden pledged to reinstate it. It's going to cost you billions and billions of dollars. You know what it really is? It's a way of really taking advantage of the United States. This is what it is. Last year I visited the Shell Petrochemical Plant in Beaver County. Anybody ever hear of Beaver County? The largest investment in your state's history, all made possible by our pro-energy policies. Biden would wipe out that entire industry killing the jobs of more than 600,000 Pennsylvania workers. It's probably 940,000 they say. Think of that. Also, prices and everything else. Now Biden today came out and said, "No, no, fracking's okay, it's okay? Did you see that? Fracking's okay. Because he was getting killed. And now we came out in favor of law enforcement. Look at all these handsome cops here. And a beautiful cop. If you would see how beautiful, if you would see how beautiful this is, it was like this perfect evening, the sun was setting, the faces of these great, great majestic heroes of our country, right? Heroes of our country. And they want to blow Mount Rushmore. But how about this one? The Democrats yesterday came out with a plan. Did you see it? Now, they're the DC Democrats. They want to change the name of the Washington Monument, perhaps take it down. Thomas Jefferson, pretty good Thomas Jefferson, right? You could forget about ever hearing that name again. Abraham Lincoln, you could forget about it. They want to take down all statues, all monuments in Washington. We have some of your greatest people right here. Let me not even talk to the congressmen. The heck with the Congressman, the boiler makers. How do you like? How do you like the idea of taking down our statues to our great George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, Abraham Lincoln, Andrew Jackson, all of them? I don't think the boiler makers. You'll do a ring around Washington right? Along with Christopher Columbus. He's in big trouble I'll tell you. Except there was one, there was a group of great Italians in New York, they tried to take down. They tried to take down Christopher Columbus statue in New York. You saw what happened, right? These Italians formed a little circle. They said, "Come on." The agitators decided to leave. "Let's get out of here darling." They protected Christopher Columbus. The Italians, now the Italians aren't big on taking down Christopher Columbus. You take down those statues you can forget about the Italian vote. Do we agree? But they protected it. When asked at the debate if there would be any place for fossil fuels, including coal, and fracking, and natural gas, and so many things that really fire up these big plants where many of you work, and they produce just millions and millions of jobs throughout our country, Biden said, "No, we would absolutely not allow anything like that. We would make sure it's totally eliminated." That's what he said. He said, "We would make sure it's totally eliminated or eliminated." Now he's coming and saying, "This isn't working too well. This isn't working." And I made a speech a week ago in Texas. We had crowds that were unbelievable, on the highways, you can't get in, but the highways, it's like incredible. You could sell your ticket tonight for a lot of money, go to eBay. Even as a used ticket, you could probably sell. But you go down the highways and you see it, and I was thinking of Texas, I'm making a speech in front of obviously people that like oil, they like God, and you know what else they like, they like their Second Amendment, right? So think about it. So whether it's Pennsylvania, or Texas, or Oklahoma, or North Dakota, or any place, you take a look at this, right? And no oil, no guns, no God. I don't think George Washington running with Abraham Lincoln as his VP, he'll pick Abraham Lincoln as VP is going to win in Texas, or in Pennsylvania, or any place else with those three things eliminated. That's what they want to do. They want to take away your Second Amendment. If I weren't president, you would either have an obliterated Second Amendment or it would be gone entirely. I am standing between them and your Second Amendment. And that's it. That's it. They know. We put Baido in charge of guns. Baido is in charge, he wants to get rid of everything. Baido, that's a beauty. Remember he said, "I was born for this." Anybody that says they're born for this. Remember Baido? He was on the cover of a magazine, I won't mention the magazine, they're back there. It's a total phony magazine. But he was on the cover of the magazine. And he said, "I was born to run for president." He was born for it. I was born. Anybody that gets that character. That was when he was doing well. Since then he's cratered. Ever since he made that statement, he's looked very bad. But take a look at what he says about guns, and he got put in charge of guns. So I guess Biden pretty soon he's going to be coming out saying, "No, no. I never said that." Check out all of the statements he's made on everything and now he's going the opposite way, but he's agreed to the manifesto entirely so maybe he'll do that. And then he figures later on, he'll go. But everything he said is right, because he has no control over what's happening. The radical left has captured the party. They even elected a person that nobody ever heard of, a senator, it's been a while, against a young, good looking Kennedy by 10 points in Massachusetts. Did you know Kennedy lost in Massachusetts? You know why? Because he wasn't a radical left. He was like a semi-normal person, just slightly left. No, but think of it. This is what's happened. And this is really what's happened. If you're not a radical lefty, meaning guns, meaning fossil fuels, they want wind, wind. To make the windmill, which are made mostly in China, and in Germany, by the way, to make it, so much emission is let out, that is more than you can ever save. It's just the craziest thing. Also, I am truly an environmentalist, but you have to understand. When we do things and they don't, and we clean, and it's very expensive to do that and they don't, and we have this massive planet, and China, India, Russia, Germany, all these places, it's fuming up and we're doing our job and beautiful. No, they have to do it also. Otherwise, it just doesn't work the way it's supposed to. They want to ban straws. Has anybody ever tried those paper straws? They are not working too good. Right? They want to ban straws, I said, well, I've had a couple of meals at McDonald's, et cetera over the years, right? Wendy's, a friend of mine owns Wendy's, I'll give it a plug, right? Burger King. So they want to ban straws. I said, "Oh really? What about the carton? What about the plate? What about the knives and the spoons that are plastic?" Oh, they're okay, but the straws we got ban. Has anybody ever tried, seriously, the new straw, it's made out of paper, right? It disintegrates as you drink and if you have a nice tie like this tie, this would have no chance. By the time you get finished, the straw is totally disintegrated. Does anybody walk around with a plastic straw? Because it's that bad. You whip it out, boom, boom. You never had to do that. When asked whether he would be willing to destroy the jobs of hundreds of thousands of blue collar workers to push his anti-energy agenda, you know what the answer is, right? It's the Green New Deal, right? This Green New Deal. This was made up by people that don't get it. Either that or people that just don't like our country very much. But Biden replied yes, he'll get rid of those jobs. And he famously told a voter, "I want you to look in my eyes," when he's not wearing the mask because I've never seen a man that liked their mask. Look, I'm all for it, we have a big weekend, distance on the weekend, and all of that stuff, and wear your mask when you're close together in particular, and wash your hands, all those things. We have Labor Day Weekend coming up. But did you ever see a man that likes a mask as much as him? And then he makes a speech and he always has it, not always, but a lot of times he has it hanging down. Because you know what? It gives him a feeling of security. If I were a psychiatrist, right? I'd say, "This guy's got some big issues." Hanging down. Hanging down. Congressman, give me your mask. I want to have it hanging from my ear. I don't want to touch your damn mask. Mike I'll never touch your mask. No, but the new one is, I went for a physical, the doctor said to me, "Sir would you like to go over to Walter Reed? It's incredible." By the way, the job they do on people that have been just really hurt, our heroes. The job they do is incredible. "Sir would you like to go over and do a physical? You have some time." You know why I had time? Some deal, oh, it was China. I decided not to see China because I didn't like the way they were doing business, okay? Does that make sense? So the doctor, White House doctor, highly respected, Sean, Sean Conley, "Sir would you like to go over and do your physical, or do a piece of it, or finish it?" or whatever it was, but do a physic. I said, "I don't know. I'm not in love with the idea." "Well, if you do it, you don't have to do…" "Okay. Let's go. Come on." So we went, we went, and we're driving. Now you have to understand, they're like a hundred cars. You see what happens here. It's like the plane times 50. So the cars are driving all over to about a 20 minute drive and we get to the hospital, I get out. I was there probably for an hour and a half, two hours. And then yesterday I read that I had strokes. CNN, fake news CNN right there. No, it's true. Mini strokes they called them. I don't know what a mini stroke is, but it's not good. And there could be a day and I'll admit, I said "Hey, it happens all of us." Right? Except these young ones. It's never going to happen to them. And I'd look at it at that, but you know what happens? But nothing happened. So I went in, I did that part of the physical. The end result was he's very healthy. They were very unhappy when they heard that result. What you don't remember is when this took place, it was a long time ago. They just started up because they want to try and get me to be in Biden's physical level. They view me as being somebody that's, I go around, hey, last week, this week, Texas, North Carolina, Florida, South Carolina, back to Washington. Let's go here, let's go there, let's go everywhere. Meetings all the time. I think I've answered more questions from these maniacs than any president in history. And mean questions. I watched Biden yesterday, so he hasn't answered questions in what, two months or something. And yesterday he took a couple and they were set ups like I've never seen. One young woman who I think is there, one young woman is smiling, "Hi, Hi, Hi, Hi. I just like to ask you, I'm sorry to bother you with this question." It's the most incredible. So the doctor wrote a letter saying, "No, this rumor is wrong." And I don't like, rumors like that. And by the way, if it were a fact, it's fine, it should. I think it's an important thing. But if it's not true, my wife was like, she came to me, she said, "I think I would have known that." I said, "Yeah, I think they would have known it too, because they drove back with me." The press follows me, they have a special deal, and then they followed me and then we go in, we go out. But if you remember, last time, I go in, I spend a little time, a physical like we all have. Hopefully you have them. Good thing to have I guess, as long as they give you a good answer. If they give you a bad answer don't bother, possibly too late. But I go in, I come out a couple of hours later I guess, whatever it is, it's a short time later, I get into the car, the press sees me get into the car. On my way home, I get a call from my wife, the First Lady who's very popular. Do we like our First Lady? Very popular, great person, great woman. She said, "Darling, are you okay?" I go, "Why do you ask?" She said, "They're reporting that you had a heart attack." Now you have to understand I'm driving in a car, which is about what? Six cars in front of the press, because they have a big car. They're a lot of them and we try and give them as little room as possible, make it uncomfortable. But they're right behind me. So they know I got in and CNN reported that I had a heart attack. That was the same visit, and that didn't work. No it's unbelievable. CNN reported I had a heart attack so my wife was concerned. I said, "No, not that I know of. And if I did, I think I'd be back there. No. I'll be home in 15 minutes, darling. Thank you for caring." It's always nice. It's always nice. She sounded relieved. That's good. When your wife sounds relieved. But she said, " I wonder how that happened. Why did they do that?" Because they're fake news. So I go in and that rumor lasted for a little while, like a day or two. It lasted for a little while, no matter what I did. I'm in the same motorcade, I go in, and I go out. They know I'm in the motorcade, I actually have to report it, but I'm in the motorcade, and they said I had a… One of them said it was a massive heart attack. Think of it. Again, it could happen someday, okay? And when it does, I hope things work out. But they knew I'm in the motorcade and yet they reported it anyway because they fake news. Now for the same visit, that was the stupidest thing. From now on, when I go for a physical or something or go to the hospital, announce it because this was a quick thing. The doctor, he got me in a lot of trouble. He's a great doctor. I said, "No more surprise visits to the hospital where we do a little work because we have some time." So now the same visit they started yesterday because some joker from the New York Times who's a third grade reporter writes a book and he said, "The vice president was prepared to take over the reins because they thought the president was going to go," I guess, under anesthesia. Do they still call it…? In the old days they called it anesthesia. It's essentially the same thing. I don't want to get into a situation like where Biden used a record player. Remember that? You go home, you turn on your record player. But the anesthesia. And I said, "How could that be?" So remember, this is the same visit, same visit. They said heart attack a long time. All of a sudden out of this book. And he said, "Suffered mini strokes." Now they get a letter from the White House doctor that said it's totally false, totally false. But they still go with it, they go with it. And they know I'm in the group with them coming back. And I don't know much about a mini stroke, but I assume Mr. Congressman, if you have a mini stroke, you're not heading back to the White House, right? At least you'll spend a couple of nights at that great hospital, right? So anyway, these are really dangerous people. They are so bad for our country. If we had honest press, it would be so great for the USA. It would be so great. They're just a bunch of phony people. Not all of them. You have some very good ones, like about 10%. No, you have some very good ones, you have some great journalists, they know it's phony stuff. They're doing anything they can to get this sleepy guy into the White House and I just don't think the public is going to fall for it. I don't think the public is going to fall for it. In his best days, 25, 30 years ago, he was weak. He was weak. As a Senator, he was weak. He was not known as being one of the smart ones and now it's not exactly primetime, I can tell you that. I just want to announce tonight because we're joined with some very, very special warriors and Dan Meuser, Dan, thank you very much. Great job you're doing. Dan, Congressman. He's a Congressman who have really been warriors for me. You really have been. Thank you very much Dan. Fred Keller, Fred, thank you. Great job, Fred. The great John Joyce. Great, thank you, John. Guy Reschenthaler. Do you know him? Guy Reschenthaler. what are you doing over there? What happened? You don't get along with these guys? Oh, okay. That's good. Now I understand. That's good. Glenn Thompson. Great job, great job Glenn, really great. And a real good friend of mine, right from the beginning, right, Mike? We were in Pennsylvania and a friend of ours, a Congressman, longterm, right? From Kentucky. No, from actually Tennessee came up to us, I was getting ready to make a speech, and Tennessee is very early voting. Remember what he said? This was four years ago. He said, "I don't know what's happening in Pennsylvania. I don't know what's happening in the rest of the country. But if what's going on in the rest of the country is like what's going on in Tennessee?" He said, "They're coming from the Hills, the roadsides, the rivers." He said they're coming, people that never really cared to vote, they're great Americans, but they never wanted to vote for the people that they were seeing. He said, "They're miles long. They've got Trump here, Trump hats, Trump pins," right? Tennessee. Duncan, Congressman Duncan, right? Remember that Mike? That was the first time. I mean, they said that they'd never seen anything like it. Tennessee has been incredible by the way. So Mike and I listened and we said, "I wonder what that's all about." But it is true. People that weren't really political people, they're coming in, and the deal here, like the Miss Universe, good old Miss Universe, right? Like this, they came with hats, they came with pins, they're loaded with pins. One person had hundreds of pins. They never would've had a pin in their life, but they love the job that we've done and we're going to do it even better in the next four years. Another great friend of mine who's a tough cookie and a great Congressman. But unfortunately he's a former because he's just, I don't know., He's just a special guy and really has a big, beautiful heart, Lou Barletta, Lou. You look good Lou. Why don't you run again Lou? And a man who is tough. There's this guy. You ever hear of a guy named Conor Lamb? He's like a lamb. So we heard, because he's in sort of a Trumpy area, right? And we heard that he's going to be for Trump, but he's going to be fighting for Trump. I saw some of his commercials, I thought he was a Republican, right? Except when he got to Washington, he voted with Pelosi a hundred percent of the time. Craziness. He voted with craziness. And so we thought, this Conor lamb guy, he even voted to impeach your president over nothing. Zero. Zero. And that's very personal. When they do that, that's personal. And I have to say congressmen, 196 to nothing they stuck with us and so did the Senate other than Romney. You can have Romney I think. Remember he was walking with the Black Lives Matter saying, "Yes, I'm a member of Black Lives Matter." Everyone said, "That's nice. Wonderful." He had a lot of mask on, I'll tell you that. But we did a great job, it was an amazing thing. But this Conor Lamb was out there fighting it, and he shouldn't have done that. And we have somebody that blows him away. He's more of a hero, he's tougher, he's stronger, he's smarter, he's better looking, not that, that matters. Under the me too generation, I don't talk about looks anymore. Looks don't matter. Doesn't make any difference. I don't talk about looks. Me too. Me too generation. But I'll tell you, this man is something special. He's a real hero, a real tough guy, and he'll never let you down, Sean Parnell. Just remember that Conor lamb, and I remember, because he's like a lamb, he's like a little lamb. Weak, got a lot of weak people. We like strong people, don't we? We like strong people. We need strong people right now. We have somebody else in the audience who served as my Secretary of Energy and he was incredible. He was the Governor of Texas for what? 12 years I think. Rick right? 12? Tell me. 14? 14 years he was. And he was an incredible governor, and he was an incredible secretary, and he's been an incredible friend. Rick Perry everybody. There was nobody that got into the race tougher than Rick. What he said about me, I'll never repeat again. Even my own family didn't like me when he got finished. And when he decided that I would be the one, he got out and there's nobody that's said better things about me. But you're great Rick, and you did a fantastic job. Every place you've been, you've been great. Thank you very much. Rick Perry. Thank you. Hey Rick, how are we doing in Texas? 00, the polls closed and they only announce if you're way ahead. So they say, "The polls have closed in the great state of Texas, Donald Trump has won the great state of Texas." … Hillary even beat this guy. Hillary. Hillary came in second in Utah. This week my administration reached a breakthrough agreement to stop additional steel imports from Brazil and from Mexico for the rest of the year despite the USMCA, sometimes they get a little carried away and we have to do a little tariff action on them. So we stopped that. We're reversing decades of the Biden betrayals that decimated Pennsylvania jobs, you know that. This state lost, listen to this, one in three manufacturing jobs after the twin disasters of NAFTA and China's entrance into the World Trade Organizations, one of the worst things that happened, when China came in. They were flat-lined for many years, then they came into this crazy deal. They're considered a developing nation, you see I've been sort of protesting that like, but they're considering China as a developing nation, you get all sorts of things that you would never get, advantages over the United States. Well we have very strongly protested that. They're not a developing nation, they're a very powerful developed nation, and you know what? They got to pay what everyone else has to pay. Earlier this year I kept my promise to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania when we ended the NAFTA nightmare and signed the brand new U.S.-Mexico-Canada agreement into law which is in effect now and really doing well. Everyone said it will never happen, and I had great help from these gentlemen right here. I took the toughest ever action to stand up to China's pillaging, plundering and rampant theft of Pennsylvania and many other places, jobs. That's all throughout the world by the way but our states have been just pillaged by China and others. Joe Biden's agenda is made in China, my agenda is made in America. After years and years of rebuilding other countries, we are finally rebuilding our country, it's called America First. We're America First, that's enough, and we're bringing our soldiers back home. You see what's going on. After 19 years in Afghanistan, far away places, to bring hope to our inner cities, I created opportunity zones, Tim Scott, great senator from South Carolina worked on it with me. Passed criminal justice reform, delivered permanent funding for historically black colleges and universities that Obama would never do and before the China virus we achieved the lowest African-American, Hispanic-American, Asian-American unemployment rates ever recorded by far. And they're now heading back in that direction quickly. Democrat politicians have failed the black community for decades, they've failed the Asian community, the Hispanic community. They failed women. The numbers on women's unemployment were the best in 61 years. Biden spent the last 47 years betraying the American people. He was always for things that you wouldn't want and now he's changing, "No, I never said that. I never said that." I've spent the last four years keeping my promises and delivering for the African-American community and for all communities and the best is yet to come. Perhaps in no area have our opponents more thoroughly betrayed working families of all backgrounds and on the subject of immigration, we've been fighting for that. Under my administration we achieved the most secure border in American history. We ended catch and release, stopped asylum fraud, and we've deported 20,000 gang members and we get them out and we get them out fast. Thank you ICE. ICE and Border Patrol. ICE and Border Patrol. They don't like ICE because ICE is, they're tough. You got to be tough in that job by the way. Anybody up here like to work in ICE? I don't think so. Let's see, you could probably be okay but you'd rather do what you're doing, right? I agree with you. These are tough guys, they have to be tough. These are bad, bad gang members. I mean you look at MS-13, you look at what's happened with MS-13, you look at … We get them the hell out. Sometimes we have to put them in prison because we don't even want to take a chance, they can come back in after what they've done, we had thieves, we had some very bad people in the VA and they're all gone. Thank you, I love you too, thank you. Thank you. Such friendly voices. Quite beautiful. Only in Pennsylvania, right? Thank you. I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal, think of this. Obama paid $150 billion for a short-term deal. He gave $1.8 billion in cash. You ever see a million dollars like at a casino floor or something in $100 bills? It's a lot, it's like the size of this, right? Now think $1.8 billion. How did you guys allow that to happen? They said we all voted against it. I kept my promise, recognized the true capital of Israel. You never know nowadays, right? And I opened the U.S. embassy in Jerusalem. I recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights. They've been trying to get that done for 52 years, I got it done immediately. By the way, as far as the capital of Israel, Jerusalem, they've been talking about many, many presidents. They all promised it, nobody did it. I did it. We get things done, and we just did something that is incredible. Even the New York Times gave it good reviews, not good reviews, beyond good reviews. Tom Friedman gave it phenomenal reviews, you believe that? That's we achieved the first breakthrough in Middle East peace in decades, a deal with Israel and the UAE. It's a deal with Israel and the UAE and that's going to lead and I'm going to tell you we have representatives over right now and other people are saying we want to get in that deal. You'll have peace in the Middle East. We want to get the hell out. Let's get them all back. Let's get thel all back. Don't forget, we're energy independent. There used to be a reason. Now we do have a reason, it's called Israel, and we have some very good partnerships over there. In all fairness we have some countries that have treated us very well and we're going to take care of those countries, but we are energy independent for the first time and that's a very good feeling. Our military has never been stronger than it is now. It's new and it's beautiful and I told you we took over 100% of the ISIS caliphate in Iraq and Syria and we killed the founder and leader of ISIS al-Baghdadi, and separately, we killed the world's number one terrorist, number one terrorist for decades and decades, Qasem Soleimani. We killed Soleimani. It's a big step for the Middle East. We kept America out of wars. Remember they always said, "Oh, this Trump. He's radical, he's really, I mean he's off the … He's too radical. He'll get us in wars." I kept us out of wars, what happened with North Korea? Look, I get along with Kim Jong-un. They say, "That's terrible he gets along." No it's good if I get along. If I get along with Russia, is that a good thing or a bad thing? I think it's a good thing. These guys only fight to tie, they don't fight to win, you fight to win. You look at what's happening where they're all coming back home. I even reduced in Germany because Germany, they're an ally, but you know, they took advantage of us very badly on trade and very badly with our military. So we removed a lot of soldiers out of Germany. They're not happy, they said, "This is going to hurt our economy." Well it's good for our economy, okay? They thought it was going to hurt the German economy. Well, they don't treat us right, they don't pay their bills, they're delinquent. You know what delinquent is? They're delinquent. They don't pay their bills. We protect them, they don't pay their bills. We got to do something and they treat us horribly on trade through the European Union which basically they run. Together we've been rapidly fixing a half a century of disasters and Biden was there for every one of them. Joe Biden supported NAFTA, China's entry into the World Trade. He supported the Korean deal, the Korean deal was so bad, it was so bad. This was a deal that was going to produce to South Korea done by Crooked Hillary Clinton, this was a deal that was going to produce 250,000 jobs. She said, " This will be 250,000," and she was right, for South Korea. It produced 250,000 jobs. For us, we got nothing. We got losses, we got nothing. It was a terrible deal, I renegotiated, now it's a good deal. They also gave and want to give mass amnesty for illegal aliens. Biden supported cutting Social Security. He voted for the Iraq War, he opposed the mission to take out Osama bin Laden. He opposed the killing of Soleimani, when I did that, he said, "That's a terrible thing. That's a terrible thing." Everybody in the Middle East, they couldn't believe it. They celebrated, some of them quite quietly I must add. Sign your mail-in ballot. You sign it and send it in and then you have to follow it and if on Election Day or early voting, that is not tabulated and counted, you go vote, and then if for some reason after that, it shouldn't take that long, it comes in, they're not going to be able to tabulate it because you will have voted. But you have to make sure your vote counts because the only way they're going to beat us is by doing that kind of stuff. I'm trying to be nice. I'm trying to be nice. They want to send out congressmen 80 million ballots. Now there have been many races over the last year where they've done this and they've been a disaster. You look at New York, they had a congressional race, not a very good congresswoman, very untalented, I know her well, I lived in New York. She's not got much going. They have no idea what the vote is, I think 20% of the ballots were missing and then they declared her the winner and the other guy said, "What about me?" He's not too happy, her opponent. You look at what happened in Paterson, New Jersey, you look at what happened in Virginia, you look at what happened … There's not a race, and these are small, these are easy to control. they want to send out 80 million unsolicited, I like it much better, they used to say universal, they used to say live ballots, I like the word unsolicited, and solicited. Solicited is okay, because that's when you're asking and you want it and you send in the necessary paperwork and documentation and you get the ballot and you fill it out, that's okay. But you can't, this whole thing with the unsolicited, unsolicited means you're sitting there. We have a big enthusiasm edge, but when they throw these things in your face and the lists are inaccurate and people are dead and dogs have gotten ballots, they have. Dogs have gotten ballots and they know I'm right and everybody knows I'm right and they say I'm right behind the closed doors and it's a disgrace, what they do to our country. 80 million unsolicited ballots. People that had no idea. People that weren't going to vote in all fairness. It's really unfair because our people have enthusiasm, they're going out to vote. They're all going out to vote. Everybody here going to vote? Everybody? They have no enthusiasm. So I said, "So that's unfair. That guy walks and then they'll have somebody knock on the door, say, "Listen, I would like your ballot." "I don't want to vote. I don't care about Biden. I'm a Democrat. I don't care about this guy." "Well look, where is it?" "Here take it, blah blah blah."" They even have a provision where you don't have to verify signatures. What is going on? And they have another provision in some states where you can harvest, that's where you grab them all together and drop them. In Nevada, they actually have a provision where they don't have to be counted until seven days after the election. So that means if we have a close election, could be close, I hope it's not, I hope we have a landslide like you've never seen. But if we have a close election that means Nevada has the right to, and I love Nevada, I think we're going to win Nevada, except where they're sending all these hundreds of thousands, millions of unsolicited ballots to people in Nevada and people that probably left a long time ago. It's very unfair, it's very unfair, but think of it. They have seven days after the election. Did you know that Mike? Seven days, what does that mean? I want to see the results of the election on November 3. By the way, if it's anything like these other events, it could go on forever. I mean the congressional race which they just gave up and they declared her a winner which they should not have done, they should make that a do-over and I think in Paterson they have a do-over. I think they're going to do it over because it was just ripe with fraud, theft. People were selling ballots, people were selling ballots, and you know they talk about Russia. They're so worried about Russia. What about sending out 80 million ballots? That's your real problem, and if Russia or China or these other countries want to cheat, all they have to do is forge ballots. It's much easier than the way they have to go about it, right? So we have to put pressure on these people. Now the good news is we have a lot of court cases we have won in Pennsylvania, you know that, right? We have two judges, we have a state judge, we have a federal judge. I think both highly qualified judges from what I understand, I hear that they're not too happy about what they're seeing. So we'll see what happens. We're going to see what happens. The lawyers feel very confident but we have to win those cases but what you have to do is send in your early ballot and then go and make sure that ballot is tabulated or counted, and if it's not counted, vote, and then they have the job, if it comes in late, and if it's not too late, they have the job of making sure that they don't count it. But follow that ballot because these people, they'll be lost, they'll be gone, the numbers are incredible where they're 25 and 30% off, 20% off. Follow your ballot. When I banned travel from China, Biden called it hysterical and xenophobic. If we had listened to Sleepy Joe hundreds of thousands of more Americans would have died. You know that. You know he always gets up today, "COVID-19, COVID-19." I say, "Joe, look. We got a country," and I agree with that and we've done a hell of a job. We've done a hell of a job. If you look at some of our numbers. You got to start talking about the economy and you got to start talking, your place, I mean this is … When you look at Pennsylvania, you're in a shutdown. You have a governor that has you shut down we know the susceptible are old people, senior citizens, nursing homes. People that are old, especially if they have heart problems or if they have diabetes. We know that, we learned it, and we opened it up. But the problem these shutdowns are causing much bigger problems. You remember my original statement, right? The cure can't be greater. It was an original statement that a lot of people picked up but it's so true. You have to open up this commonwealth, it has to be opened up. It has to be opened up now. But there's what I think they're doing, because you have the same thing in New York. We have a governor in New York who is 36,000 people died, 11,000 people in a nursing home because he made a mistake. He made a horrible mistake, and I built him a convention center with 2,800 beds and they didn't use it and I sent up a ship, a great hospital ship, a massive hospital with hundreds and hundreds of rooms and they didn't use it and he requested it and then I said, "You're not using it. Why aren't you using it?" He could have put those people in the convention center in the hospital ship. What a shame how long can you do this for? Restaurant, poor guys. You can't, how long can you do this for? The people are going to lose their jobs. They're never going to open again. It's not like the restaurants is the greatest business in the world. It's a hard business. New York is closed. You're closed. North Carolina's closed. Michigan's … all Democrats. Let me tell you, what's going to happen on November 4th. They're going to announce their opening. They're doing this for political reasons. They are. Right, John? They're doing it for political reasons because they want our numbers to look as bad as possible, going into November 3rd, election day. Then as soon as the election's over with, win, lose or draw for them, they're going to open it. They got nothing. You know what? It's a shame what they're doing. For political reasons, they'll be open. You'll be open on November 4th, but you know what? From your standpoint, it's very close to the election. It's very far if you have a restaurant, and you can't open your restaurant. You can't open your store. It's a disgrace and they ought to get together. They ought to do it. These are Democrat governors in all instances and Democrat mayors. When the China virus arrived, we launched the largest national mobilization since World War II. Thanks to the life- saving therapies that we pioneered, the mortality rate has been reduced by 85% since April. Think of that. We've achieved among the lowest case fatality rates of any major country, anywhere in the world. You never hear that from the fake news. They don't want to talk to you about it. This is a big country. This is a tougher country to do that with, the European Union's case fatality rate is nearly three times higher than ours. If you look now, Spain is having a big blow up. France is having a big blow up. Now, we've done a great job, we haven't been given credit for it. He always starts off, COVID-19. That's all he knows. COVID-19. I said, "What about the economy? What about jobs? What about all the other things we have to do?" All he does, he thinks it's a weak spot, and actually in theory, if we're getting a fair shake from those people back there, it's actually what the job we've done is actually a strong spot. That includes you people, with the ventilators that nobody had. Nobody that needed a ventilator, didn't get a ventilator. Now we're supplying them all over the world. Altogether, the nations of Europe have experienced a 30% greater increase in excess mortality than the United States. Think of that. You don't hear these numbers. Cases in the US have declined by 28% nationwide over the last month, and hospitalizations and deaths have declined radically over the last week. Three vaccines are in final stage of clinical trials. Would have taken two years for another president. I was going to say a normal president, but they'll hit me with … A little truth to that too. Now, but for another president, especially, in the last administration, they had the H1N1 pandemic. It was called Swine flu. You know, Joe always calls it the N1H1. He gets it mixed up. No, it's the H1N1, Joee. Not that it matters, I guess. No. Do you ever notice, he's always calling it the other. He calls it the opposite. He has no clue where he is, but he keeps saying, "Oh, if he was," well he didn't want the ban China, and we saved hundreds of thousands of lives by banning China. I was the only one that wanted to do it, actually. Then we banned Europe because I saw what was happening in Italy and Spain and France. We banned Europe. We saved hundreds of thousands. If I didn't do the closing and the opening, so we're at 175,000, far too … look, one is too much because this was given to us by China, and it's a disgrace. It's a disgrace. They could have stopped it. They stopped it from going into China, but not going to the rest of the world, including our country. It's a disgrace. But think of it. Joe Biden got the worst marks you've ever seen for his handling of the H1NI Swine flu. They said it was incompetent, and the head guy, who now he's trying to retract. It's a little tough. That's one great thing about the tape. He said it was horrible. He said, we did a horrible job. He said, they got lucky. It's not contagious like this. We got, this is a tough one. I can look at that guy and he'll catch it. Right there, and he's very far away from me. It's a tough one, because it's so contagious. I tell you what, our Vice-President, Mike Pence, and the task force, headed up by Mike and working along with a lot of great people, they've done a fantastic job and they just get no credit. If I was a Democrat, a different president, and they did the same job, they'd say it was one of the greatest jobs they've ever seen. But take a look at what they say about the way they handled the Swine flu. It was a disaster. It was incompetent. They called themselves incompetent. They call, and now they're coming in like, well, we would have done this and Biden by the way, was against, you remember, xenophobic, racist, because I closed down China. Then two months later, two and a half, three, and Nancy Pelosi was having dances in Chinatown, right? A month later. No, no problem. I was way ahead. Then Biden comes out and he actually said that I was right, but they said, "Don't say that, try doing it a little softer than that." He did it a little bit softer, but we were right. They were wrong. They handled it so badly. Just take a look, because we, I said to my people, "We've got to fight this a little bit differently because we're getting a lot of fake news, a lot of bad people saying things", and you look at the stats and you look at how we've done compared to really much easier and much smaller countries, it's amazing. If you took New York out of it, which was a disaster by Cuomo, if you took New York out of those numbers, we would have numbers that would be even better than they are. I could read numbers that would be even much better, because a big percentage of the people that died in this country died because New York was incompetently run by Mayor de Blasio and Governor Cuomo. By the way, just today, there's another credible thing happening. Pfizer, great company, announced that it expects to have the results of its vaccine trials in a matter of weeks, very shortly. Incredible. Under Operation Warp Speed, we remain on track to produce a safe and effective vaccine, in that record time that we talked about. This would have been years later. It'll be delivered before, in my opinion, before the end of the year, but it really might even be delivered before the end of October. How do you like that? Wouldn't that be nice? That would be nice. You know why? Not because of the electric. It'll be nice because we want to save people. That's why it'll be nice. That's the important thing. Together, we will defeat the virus. The job we're doing is, the job that all of the people working on it, our generals, our admirals, the distribution, we bought billions and billions of dollars of things, and now we make gowns and we make masks and we make shields and we make ventilators. Very tough. The ventilator's very complicated, very big, very expensive. It's like, I made the statement, it's like building a car, but more sophisticated. They said, "No, it's not." They said, they took a ventilator. They took it apart. These people are the worst, the worst. Over the next four years, we'll make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world, and we will end our reliance on China once and for all. That's what we'll do. Let me just tell you something. If they didn't waste a year and a half of my life on a ridiculous impeachment, based on a phone call that was perfect, this stuff would have all been done. Would have all been done, truly. It would have all been done. Yet, with all of this stuff, the fake Russia witch hunt, the fake Ukraine. How about that? Did anybody read the transcript of that call? It was a perfect call. "Hey, congratulations. Good luck." It was like a perfect call. Now they'll take it back and they'll say, "Well, I don't know." This was a per … In history, there's never been anything like this. It was a totally lopsided, 100% political witch hunt, and it goes on and on. These are bad people. I really believe they don't love our country. I watched Nancy Pelosi. "You must wear your mask. You have to wear your mask, and we're going to keep every beauty salon closed in California and all over the country." Then I see a picture. I say, "Nancy Pelosi. Well, where's the mask?" I'll tell you what. She must have treated that beauty salon owner pretty badly. She uses the salon and the salon turned her in? The salon turned her in. I don't think I would have turned her in. I would've said, "Well, you know, she's a customer. I got to take care of my customers, right?" But she made them open, and the salon turned her in and the salon did business with her. How much do they hate Nancy Pelosi? Then she made a terrible mistake because you want people that can't be set up. She said, "I was set up. I was set up by the salon owner. I was set up." I said, "Tell me she didn't say that, please." I just put out, that if she was set up, then she shouldn't be leading the House of Representatives. I want the salon owner to lead the House of Representatives, because she set up … Think of it. She set up the Speaker of the House. That was a big mistake. As soon as I heard, she said, "Well, she's sent me up," Nancy, you're not supposed to get set up. You're representing our country. You know what she should have done honestly? She should have said, "I made a mistake, sorry," and nobody would be talking about, this is like the biggest story. This is the big, crazy Nancy, highly overrated person. Let me just say she is a highly overrated person. They give her such good play. She is a highly overrated person. Look, they just turned off a camera because they don't want me saying that. Just in closing, we will rapidly return to full employment, soaring wages and record prosperity. We will hire more police, increased penalties for assault on law enforcement. Surge federal prosecutors into high-crime communities and ban sanctuary cities. We will appoint prosecutors, judges, and justices who believe in enforcing the law, not their own political agenda. We will uphold religious liberty, free speech and the right to keep and bear arms. We will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens. We will not let them threaten our citizens, and we will keep America out of endless foreign wars. We will end surprise medical billing. We don't want surprise medical billing. You know what happens? It's terrible, but we have ended it. Also, we've signed something that's incredible. You're going to see. Some people say it's bigger than healthcare, and I signed it. Unfortunately it takes place on January 1st. You better elect me. You better elect me. It's called price transparency. I said to my people at the end of the day, what is price transparency? This is going to lower your prices by 50%. You'll be able to negotiate. You'll be able to do things you're not even allowed to do now, with hospitals, with doctors. You get better doctors, you get lower prices. I said, "When does it start?" It's a complicated … Oh, did I get, I was fought. You have no idea. Right fellows? You have fought too. But they fought me on this price transparency. It's bigger than healthcare, could be bigger than healthcare. But I said, "When does it start?" They said, "Sir, we have it all set." "When?" "January 1st," "I said, I'd better win this election," because you're going to see some unbelievable price reductions. That includes on drugs, because we're reducing health insurance premiums massively, and the cost of prescription drugs went down the first time in 51 years, last year. But now it's going to go down very big, because we did a favorite nation's clause. I see the drug companies are, they're killing me with ads. They have nothing but cash. They have nothing but money. They're spending because they can't believe … Germany and other countries pay much less than we do. We want to have, what we have to have, is we have to have a comparison of prices. That's what it is called, favored nation clause. I instituted a favorite, so we're paying $2.50 for a pill, and some nation is paying 25 cents for the same exact pill from the same factory, right? We get the 25 cent price. So, what's going to happen that'll go up. Ours will come way down. They can't believe it. The drug companies can't believe, and I will tell you, Mark Meadows is here, our Chief of Staff. Where's Mark? They want to negotiate. They called. We signed it. It's all done. They want to negotiate and they are negotiating, so let's see what happens, but we're going to get you cuts on prescription drugs, the likes of which you've never seen. We'll protect Medicare and Social Security. They will not be able to protect it. It will always protect patients with preexisting conditions, always. America will land the first woman on the moon and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars. When I took over, NASA was dead. Now it's the most vibrant space center in the world, by far. We will restore patriotic education to our schools and we'll teach our children to love our country, honor our history and always respect our great American flag. We will live by the timeless words of our national motto, In God, We Trust. For years, you had a president who apologized for America. Now you have a president who is standing up for America and standing up for the great people of Pennsylvania us. It's where the army weathered its brutal winter at Valley Forge, and where General George Washington, who, by the way, they want all of the name, Washington removed from everything. I haven't been keeping up with it. What did he do? George Washington, they want the name off. Congressman are we okay showing … I don't think you liked that idea too much. George Washington. They want his name off everything, but we'll keep it. I promise you this. As long as you canceled culture, you better have a strong president. Canceled culture. George Washington, can you believe? But he led his men on a daring mission across the Delaware. This is the Commonwealth where our union was saved by the heroes of Gettysburg and where generations of tough, strong Pennsylvania workers, mined the coal, worked the railroads, forged the steel that made America into the greatest and most powerful nation in the history of world. That's in the history of the world and we are making it greater than it's ever been before. That's what's going to happen. Proud citizens like you, helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country from these very, very deranged people. We are returning power to you, the American people. With your help and your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working. We are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. America will soon be thriving like never before. Next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our country, and together we will work very hard. The people of Pennsylvania, the great, great people of Pennsylvania, where I went to college. It's a place I know very well. But, we will make America wealthy. Again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again and we will make America great again. Thank you. Thank you, Pennsylvania.
Thank you very much and thank you to the original Lee Greenwood. Thank you. Thank you, Lee. Great guy. Well, I just want to say a very big hello, Kentucky? Great place. It's great to be here in the home of a group called the Wildcats. You ever hear the Kentucky Wildcats? By the way, they play at a very big arena. This place. Look at this. Hello, up there? This is incredible. With thousands of proud, hardworking, freedom-loving American patriots, which is what you are. What you are. Tomorrow, the people of Kentucky will head to the polls and you will vote to reelect your terrific Republican governor, Matt Bevin. He's done a fantastic job. He's done a fantastic job. And we're sending a signal by doing that to the rest of the country, to the rest of the world, that the republican party, you know what we stand for. But you see what's happening with the Democrats, they have gone crazy. The do nothing Democrats, and they're not getting it done. Under Republican leadership, the economy is booming, wages are rising, confidence is soaring. Kentucky is thriving like never ever before, and America is stronger than ever before. True. Kentucky's unemployment rate has reached the lowest point in the history of our country. That's not bad. And I want to just tell you that you have incredible representatives, and the job that Matt Bevin has done as governor, he's had to do some things that you had to do. And he's done unbelievably well. It sets you up to be a rocket ship in the future. You had to do it. So I just want to thank him for having the courage to do what he had to do. You have the best numbers you've ever had in the history of the state. And with the help of your Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, we have confirmed 157 judges to follow the constitution as written. We're supporting our police, we're rebuilding our military, we're defeating radical Islamic terrorists like never before. The monsters animal known as Al-Baghdadi is dead. And the man that took his place is dead also. American Special Forces gave the world's number one terrorist a one way ticket to hell. No enemy on earth stands a chance against the awesome power of the United States military, which is now stronger than ever before. We've rebuilt it and it was all made in America. All made in America. And our country is winning again, and our country is highly respected again. But while we are creating jobs and killing terrorists, the radical democrats are going totally insane. They want to obliterate the rule of law, drive out faith from the public square, and you know this, silence you online, confiscate your guns. You better be careful. The Second Amendment very, very important, very precious. They are after your Second Amendment. With us, nobody's touching our Second Amendment. And that includes the gentleman that's running against Matt. They're after your Second Amendment. We can't let that happen. They want to indoctrinate your children, you know this, destroy anyone who calls traditional America American values. All you have to do is ask the boys from Covington Catholic High School. Some of whom are here tonight. The far left wants to impose their authoritarian ideology on the nation, telling you what to think, what to believe and how you should live. They want to erase our traditions, our culture, our history, and our heroes. They want to subjugate you and break you to their will, but Kentucky will never be broken. Kentucky can't be broken. You're too strong and you're too smart. In their craze thirst for power, the democrats are trying to tear our country apart. First, Democrats engineer the Russia hoax, the most egregious fraud ever foisted upon the American people, the Russian hoax. Then they did the Mueller scam. You remember that? The Mueller scam. Two years and they said nothing. And then Mr. Mueller testified. That was a wonderful day for me. You remember last week. I don't know Tulsi Gabbard, but Hillary Clinton said that Tulsi Gabbard is a Russian agent. I don't know Jill Stein. She's a Greenie and that's fine. She's a Greenie, Jill Stein. But Jill Stein was an agent of Russia also. These people are crazy. Now corrupt politicians, Nancy Pelosi and Adam Schiff, they are corrupt. And Nancy, unlike Kentucky, which is doing great, Nancy ought stop wasting time, go back to her district in San Francisco, help the homeless, get rid of the drugs, get rid of the needles that are lying all over the street, and all of the things that are washing into the ocean through their storm sewer system. What's happened is San Francisco and what's happened to so many other places run by the radical left Democrats, it's unbelievable. Los Angeles. You take a look at Los Angeles, looks like a third world city. But go back to Nancy's area, look at what's happened. There's been no place in the country that's gone down like the area that Nancy Pelosi represents. And she's wasting all of her time. And you know what, it's backfiring. You see it. But the media and the democrats have launched an even more brazen assault on our nation, with a deranged hyperpartisan impeachment witch-hunt. Impeachment. Think of it. So today, we just hit the highest number in the history of the stock market. Now, that's hundreds of days. So last week, think of this, in the history of our country, it's never done better. And by the way, that's not rich, that's not poor, that's for everybody. Your 401s, how you are doing? Pretty good, right? Pretty good. People tell me that their wives, their husbands, all of a sudden, they've been running the 401s for years. And they totally lost respect for let's say, the husband, totally lost respect. Now they think he's a financial genius because he's up 74%. She says, darling, I love you. You are the most incredible, brilliant financial mind. And you know what, if the Democrats get in, that's not going down by 50%, that's going down to nothing. It's going to be worthless. It's going to be worthless. You'll have a depression the likes of which you've never seen. Mark my words. But hopefully, we don't have to even think about it. And that was going to happen here. When we took over, that was going down in the wrong direction. And don't forget, that was zero interest. We're paying interest. In other words, people are now getting interest in their money. But that was with zero interest, real easy with zero interest. Last week, the democrats voted to try and nullify the balance of 10s of millions of Americans. To be exact 63 million people, disgracing themselves and bringing shame upon the House of Representatives. They've been plotting to overthrow the election since the first hour that we won. And actually, before we won, they were plotting to overthrow this election. Before we won. 19 minutes after I took the oath of office, that disgusting Washington Post, look at all these people back there, look. Fake news media. It's the fake news. Look at all of them. What they don't know is that when we hang it up in 5 years or 9 years, or 13 years, or maybe 17 years, or maybe if I still have the strength, 21 years. See, now they're going crazy. Now they're saying, see, I told you, he was a dictator. He wants to take charge in control of our country. These people are crazy said. The guy goes, well, we're going to fight and we're going to … No, no. He's going to win. You know he's never leaving office, don't you? He's never going to leave office. These people are crazy. They're crazy. But that disgusting newspaper that's right there, The Washington Post, declared the campaign to impeach President Trump has just begun. All right, you can get them out. Be gentle, be gentle. Be very gentle. You know every time I say, get them out of here, I end up getting sued. They say, he hurt my arm. All right. So be very gentle, please. I don't want to get sued. Be very gentle. Very, very gentle. He's going home to mom. Thank you. By the way, do we love our law enforcement? And in the whole world, even on a Monday Night, I like the Monday Nights because I think we're 58 and 0, that's a good record. Even for the Wildcats, that's a good. We're 58 and 0, but even on a Monday Night, is there anything cooler than being at a Trump rally? Nothing can. With last week's vote, the far left has declared war on American democracy itself. These people are lunatics. In the face of these attacks, Republicans are the most unified that I've ever seen, and I've been watching them and been a big part of them for a long time. And the democrats have never witnessed anything like it, and they know they're not going to win in 2020. So let's see what can we do to win, but that's not working too well. You'll see. The American people are fed up with Democrat lies, hoaxes, slander. The Democrats outrageous conduct has created an angry majority that will vote the do nothing democrats the hell out of office soon. Tomorrow, Kentucky has a chance to send the radical Democrats a message. You will vote to reject Democrats extremism, socialism and corruption, and you will vote to reelect Kentucky Governor Matt Bevin who's done a great job. Matt's a veteran. He's a patriot. He's done it all. He's been a very, very successful business leader. He put his whole life at stake to help this state and the job he's done is incredible. Under his leadership, Kentucky has created over 57,000 new jobs, but I helped also. We work together. Now, he is difficult. I have to say, you know, maybe because of the election, but it's okay. Look, he's such a pain, when he needs something for Kentucky like money, like aid, like, he wants me to call one of the many manufacturers now that are coming into Kentucky. Could you call the head of Some company in Japan, please? I say, "Matt, do I have to do it?" Please, please. But isn't that really what you wanted in a governor? That's what you want. He's such a pain in the ass, but that's what you want. And the job he's done, one of the best in the country. Not the best. He's been incredible. Matt is strong on crime and tough on illegal immigration. Thank you. He's pro-worker, pro-life and 100% Pro-Second Amendment. By the way, you're going to lose your Second Amendment if you vote in Democrats. You think I'm kidding? I see what they're saying. I watch what they're doing. They're calling me all the time. You will lose your Second Amendment as soon … I'm telling you. As sure as you're standing here, is anybody sitting? Nobody ever sits. You can sit if you want. No, just stand. You know what they say in the fake news? Look, you've been standing. Nobody sat? I don't know. Isn't that exciting? Nobody sat. You know what they say? No, you know what they say? They say, Trump only got one standing ovation. Because they stood at the beginning and they never sat down, but they don't say the second part. It's great. Great spirit. You know why? You love our country. And you see what's happening. We have turned this big monster ship. We have turned it around. And we need so badly. You know, it's like you plant a tree. It takes a lot. We have to get those roots to hold. We have the best unemployment numbers in the history of our country, so many things. So many things. The best employment numbers, we have the best of everything. And I think I'm going to count but I think it's like 118. I told you, we have a record stock market today. I think about 100 … I'm going to have to check it. Because you know with the fake news, if I'm off by half a point. If it's 117 and not 118, even if I go under, they report it. They say, he didn't tell the truth. It was really 119. But like a lot, over 100, where we had the highest stock market in our history. Think of that. That's incredible. But Matt Bevin has made record investments in education spending for Kentucky students. Education is so important to him. Matt Bevin will defend your Kentucky values. He loves his state. From an all out assault being waged on you from the extreme left. Not good. I can't even imagine, how can you vote for somebody from the extreme left? This guy, Beshear, is a major lefty. You know that, right? Why are we even … Let's just have a good time. Are you sure we need an election tomorrow, Matt? I don't know. How does Kentucky vote for a person … I'm telling you, he will always vote for Pelosi and Schumer and shifty Schiff. How about this guy? How about Schiff. He makes up a conversation. He gets up before the United States Congress. He repeats my conversation with the head of the Ukraine, the new president, a good guy, repeats it. I said, "I never said that." He made a horrible statement. It was a total lie. And then I actually wanted to release the actual conversation. And you haven't heard about the whistleblower after that, have you? Because the whistleblower said lots of things that were so good folks, you're going to find out. But these are very dishonest people, shifty Schiff. But Matt's running against these people, and we have to send them a sign because they're dangerous. The radical left named Andy Beshear, who rejects everything Kentucky stands for. That's who they want to win. Beshear has openly pledged to stop the policies of Donald Trump. What are the policies? Take care of our vets, take care of our military. We want jobs. We want companies to stop leaving us. They're not leaving anymore. You see, companies aren't leaving anymore. Have you noticed? Remember years ago before I ever thought of doing this? I mean, when I said let's do this, I said to our great now first lady. I said, "Melania, let's give it a shot." And then, one by one, we were doing good. And what we've done, if you remember before we ran, companies were leaving Kentucky, they were leaving, they will go into Mexico. They were going to China, Japan. They were going all over. Any place but Kentucky. You don't read about that at all. Now they're all coming back. They're all coming back. But Beshear wants to shut down your coal, shut down your energy, raise your taxes, and take a giant wrecking ball to the greatest economy in the history of the state of Kentucky. The greatest economy you've ever had, he's going to destroy it. And it won't be long. It'll go very quickly. You know, you're all sitting there. Everybody has good jobs. You don't like it, you go find another job. It's like the choice I got from military. I got you choice too. If you don't like your job, you find another one. You tell the boss, I am getting out of here, I don't like this guy. You go get a better job for more money. Beshear doesn't represent you. He represents the Washington swamp and he's backed by the same people trying to overthrow the last election. Beshear supported crooked Hillary Clinton, and he's funded by the pro-abortion lobby and open borders fanatics. Open borders, let everyone pour right in. Let them all pour right in. Beshear wants to bring sanctuary cities to Kentucky, think of that one. Releasing violent criminals and aliens to terrorize innocent Kentucky families. He wants sanctuary cities. He hasn't learned what's happened. We had a great election a couple of weeks ago in North Carolina. We won two house seats. We were supposed to lose, probably both of them. We won them by a lot. We won them by a lot. And I think we won them because of the Second Amendment, because it's under assault from Democrats. But I think we won also because of sanctuary cities. Because of bad news came out of sanctuary cities, really bad. And I think that was the reason we won both house seats by a lot. Beshear is too liberal, too extreme and too dangerous for the state of Kentucky. Tomorrow, everybody needs to vote, Republican. We got to go Republican all the way. I want to bring up a man, and I'm serious about this. This guy works so hard. He's a great natural talent in business, which you needed. And he straightened it out. And I'll tell you what, he will be one of the truly greats in the history and maybe the greatest in the history of this state. Matt Bevin, come on up Matt. So we're also joined tonight by a very powerful man in Washington, your great Senator Mitch McConnell. Nobody works harder for Kentucky than Mitch. I will tell you, nobody works harder, and frankly, maybe more importantly, nobody works smarter. It's up here. I know a lot of people that work hard. He works smart. When the Democrat arsonists in Washington tried to destroy an innocent man named Brett Kavanaugh, now Justice Brett Kavanaugh, Mitch refused to cave to the left wing mob. And that's what it was, it was a mob. There has never been a man treated so badly in Washington as Judge Kavanaugh, previously Judge, now Justice. We got him in, and he's been great, and he will be great. Mitch confirmed two tremendous Supreme court justices. Mitch helped deliver the largest ever investment in our military and pass VA choice and VA accountability for our amazing veterans. Now, I know Mitch's opponent because they came here. Do you remember last year? Slightly different location, and that's okay, it was still the great state of Kentucky. Because Andy Barr had Amy McGrath, an extreme liberal against him. Andy Barr is here with us tonight, and we're going to introduce him, but he beat her. So she said to herself, "Well, you know, I failed in Congress, now let's go for the Senate." She wanted to go to the House, now she wants to go. It's not going to work that way. Extreme liberal, anti-gun, lots of different things. Amy McGrath compared my election, think of this one … It's so insulting. I shouldn't say it. Should I say it? Yeah, why not. No, it's so insulting. You know, you work so hard, you love your country so much, and they get up to say things. She compared it to 9/11, a slander upon our nation. She wants open borders. She supports the impeachment hoax witch hunt like nobody. She wants to get rid of it. She wasn't too happy with me last year. We came in, Andy, and we did a job on her, and this is going to be easy. She was caught telling donors, Democrats, that she is further left than anyone in the history of the State of Kentucky. Is that what you want? It's not what you want. So next November, the state needs to defend its values and vote for a rock-ribbed Kentucky conservative, Mitch McConnell. But we're going to get back to that later. We'll be back many times. We'll be back here many times. Mitch. Where is he? So President Obama left Mitch, and me, and Rand, and all of us, he left 142 openings for judges. You're not supposed to allow any. You don't do that. You know, they say the most important thing a president can do is federal judges, right? Including the Supreme Court, obviously. I came in and I said, "How many do we have?" They said, "How many what, sir?" I said, "Judge openings." And I thought they'd say none, or one or two. He said, "Sir, we have 142." I said, "What?" I said, "Tell me again." He said, "We have 142." So Mitch and I and Rand would like to thank very much President Obama, because nobody ever been so generous in their life. Also with us tonight is a great warrior and a great guy, smart, strong, loves your state, and he's really become a good friend of mine. And I'll tell you, he's a little bit different. It's okay. But whenever I've needed him, whenever I needed him, he was always there. It's true. I mean, sometimes like I'd say, " I don't need you to vote, Rand." "Good." And he'll vote his own way. He's got that little libertarian touch. That's okay. That's okay. But whenever we need, and I'm not talking about me, I'm talking about we, we need a vote, he's so incredible and he's become a really good friend. I want to have him come up for a second. Rand Paul, your Senator, a great warrior. Wow, that was excellent. Whoa. Wow, thank you. Thank you very much, Rand. Great job. He's a warrior. He's a warrior, I've always said it. Also with us tonight are representatives from your state that are fantastic, a couple from outside your state, but we'll welcome them also, right? But these are also great fighters, great warriors. Hal Rogers. Thank you, Hal. Brett Guthrie. Thank you, Brett. Thomas Massey. Man we just spoke about won a great grace, Andy Barr. James Comer. James, great. And from an incredible state that we won 2016 that Crooked Hillary said she's going to win that state, didn't come too close at winning that state. It's a great state, and we love the people of North Carolina. Congressman Mark Meadows. Along with some of your local great politicians, and a person that's done a really spectacular job. You know, in Michigan, a woman, she just kept going, she just kept going. Reminded me, by the way, of your governor, from the standpoint she never quit. Now, Republicans hadn't won Michigan in many, many years. She called, "Could you come again? Could you do it again? Could you come make another speech, please?" I said, "All right, this is the last one." "No, no, no. How about a couple of more?" And then Bill Clinton actually told Hillary Clinton, "You better get going, something's going on in Michigan. You're going to lose Michigan. You better start going." "No, no, no. The polls say everything's good." And we won the great State of Michigan for the first time in many years. And I said, when it came time to picking the Republican Party Chair, head of the RNC, I said, I got to get the woman from Michigan, Ronna McDaniel, to head it up. And when they were saying how sophisticated Hillary Clinton's campaign was … You know, we're not sophisticated, right? I don't think so. Remember all during the … "Well, she's got the finest computer technology in the world." Yeah, she paid for it, but she didn't get it. "She has really fantastic geniuses." But I had somebody that was a lot better than the people that she had. His name was Brad Parscale, and he's here with us. Campaign Manager. Doing a great job. And our numbers are looking very good. But think of it, we're one day short of a year now. Can you believe it? Less than a year. It begins November 3rd this time. We had that great, great date, oh boy, November 8th remember? Was there ever a day like that in television history? And they have no idea, because when we do hang it up, they're all out of business. They know that. That's why I think that we will get … I expect to get a full, hearty, unbelievable endorsement very soon from the failing New York Times, and from the Amazon Washington Post. You know, before the election started, about a month before I announced that I was going to do this, I said, "I'm going to become a politician. I can't believe it. I'm going to become a politician." But I looked at the New York Times, and it was like a little leaflet that you hand out at a grocery store, right? The wind would blow it away. It was dead. I call it the failing New York Times only because eventually it will fail. But we built it up. They do stories … In my entire life, I had a few stories on the front page of the New York Times, and now if I have three or four a day, it's like, "Why are they not covering me anymore?" And they're all bad. They can take what we did two weeks ago with the number one terrorist in the world, and they make it look as bad as possible. In fact, I love dogs, but they gave the dog full credit. They didn't give me any credit. That's okay. The dog got the credit, and the dog will be coming very shortly, by the way, to the White House. But they'll be endorsing us. And you know, all of these crazy, like CNN with its bad ratings, there goes its red light, it just went off. Their red light just went off. See how it is? Well, it's hard. Look, put yourself in their position. They have it on, their covering, and now they know they're ready to get hit, so they turn it off. I mean, I can't blame them. Their red light just went off. No, but put yourself in CNN's position. Without us … You know, cable was not supposed to be a good business, then we came along. It's not me, it's we. They came from the valleys, they came from everywhere, the cities, they came from places, they're still trying to figure out, "Where the hell did all those people come from?" It's true. A great Senator from Tennessee, they have early voting, and I was in Pennsylvania making a speech, and he saw me because he had a couple of great Congressman friends from Pennsylvania, and he said, "You know, in Tennessee we have very early voting, and I just left, and I've been doing this for 24 years. And I got to be honest with you, I've never seen so many people vote." And these are people, they love our country, they're incredible, they work hard, but they never liked what they were voting for, so they really wouldn't vote. Sounds terrible. But they didn't like anything that they saw. They say, "Sir, I'm seeing people," and he said this, "come out from the valleys, come out from the mountains, come out from areas that they've never come out. We have lines that are five blocks long at every voting booth and parlor." He said, "I can't speak for the rest of the country, but if the rest of the countries like Tennessee, you're going to have the greatest victory in the history of our nation." And that's what happened. That was a great statement. That was a great statement from people from a great state, also. Tomorrow you must elect the entire Republican ticket, from governor on down, including your next Lieutenant Governor, Ralph Alvarado. Ralph Alvarado. Great, Ralph. You're a good man. And your next Attorney General, Daniel Cameron. Should I bring Daniel up? Get up here, Daniel, come on. Here's a star. Here's a star. Mr. President, I hope you can tell that Kentucky is Trump country. We are proud to stand with you on pro-life issues, and here in the Commonwealth, we are going to stand up for those who cannot speak for themselves. And Mr. President, we are going to stand with you in protecting the Second Amendment rights of all Kentuckians. And Mr. President, I make a personal commitment to you as the next Attorney General, we are going to make sure that Kentucky is never a sanctuary state. Good. That's good. Thank you, Daniel. Thank you, Daniel. Star. A star is born. A star is born. Did you ever see that movie, A Star is Born? Thank you, Daniel. Great. You're next Secretary of State, Michael Adams. Thanks, Michael. Auditor, Mark Harmon. Thank you, Mark. Treasurer, Allison Ball. She's doing great. And Agriculture Commissioner, Ryan Quarles. With the help of everyone here, America is the hottest economy anywhere in the world, by far. Foreign leaders come in to see me, "Congratulations on your economy." China's doing poorly, as you know, but they're paying us billions, and billions, and billions of dollars, and they've never given us 25 cents before. Billions of dollars. They gave a lot of that money to our farmers, who got targeted, but no longer. They're back buying from our farmers. But we've created 6.7 million new jobs since the election. And if I would have ever said that during the campaign, the fake news back there would have never let me hear the end of it. Think of that, 6.7. And today, just today, a record, 158 million Americans are now employed, the highest level of employment in our country's history. African American unemployment just dropped to the lowest level ever recorded in the history of our country. Hispanic American and Asian American unemployment rates have also reached the all time historic lows. The history of our country. Hourly earnings, listen to this, are up 9% since the election. Nobody ever thought that was going to be happening. Under the previous two administrations, we lost 60,000 factories. I thought that was a typo. I said, "How the hell can you lose 60,000?" It turned out to be right. And you know how I know? Because I've been saying it for two years, and they never corrected me. It's true, two years. I get a call sometimes from the people in the campaign, "Sir! Sir, we have an emergency." "What's the emergency?" "Somebody's calling from the media, the fake news. Did you put a comma in the wrong location, sir? Because they consider it to be a front page story." Okay. Under my administration, we've added nearly 10,000 new factories and many, many more thousands of factories are coming into our country. We reversed it. To get relief to working families, we passed massive tax cuts, massive. To lift up distressed communities, our tax law created opportunity zones. Tim Scott of South Carolina was so involved, including 144 designated by your great governor. By the way, the other governor. I don't think … Well, I don't know. You know? He's not going to do so well. He'll be calling for a meeting, and I won't be able to see him because I don't like him very much. But I like this one very much, and we're going to help him. We slashed a record number of job-killing regulations. We ended the war on American energy. We're now the largest producer of energy anywhere in the world. And we ended the war on beautiful clean coal. I announced the withdrawal of the United States from the horrible, costly, one-sided Paris Climate Accord. Ask them how they're doing in Paris with it. Not too good. I canceled the so called Clean Power Plan, and repealed Obama's federal coal moratorium. We're putting our great miners back to work. On trade, we're starting to set records every week, we're reversing decades of Washington disloyalty, stupidity, and corruption. Past administrations did nothing as China looted our factories, and stole up to $500 billion of American dollars. By the way, people can't even believe it. Not 500 million. That's a lot. If you lost 500 million, that's a lot. I thought that was another typo. $500 billion they would take a year from us. We rebuilt China. And I give them a lot of credit, by the way, I give China. What I don't give credit to is Obama and past administrations beyond Obama, I don't give them credit because they let it happen. They should have never let it happen. But now we're taking in tens of billions, and billions, and billions of dollars. Just recently, very slow, Slippy Joe … Biden that is, said of China's piracy and plunder, "They're not that bad, folks." He always used the word folks. I watched him today, he used the word folks. "Hi folks. Hi. Hi, My time is up. I got to leave." No, they have him all freaked out because he makes a mistake every time he speaks. So I can just see these handlers, because they're handlers, like they use on horses, they're handlers, right? "All right, get him off now. He's been up there long enough." So they're screaming, "Get off, get off! Sleepy Joe, get off the stage, please. Please Joe, you're doing fine. Joe, you're doing fine. You're doing fine." And then he goes, "I love being in Ohio," but he was in Iowa yesterday. Yes sir. And they say, "Dammit, he should have left sooner, we told him. Get off the stage, Sleepy Joe. Sleepy Joe, get off the damn stage." But he said about, Sleepy Joe, about China, "They're not that bad, folks. They're not really competition for us. No, they're not." 500 billion a year, right? He did nothing in eight years, him and Obama. In fact, I'm here because of them, when you think about it. Right? Just thinking. I'm here because of them. Kellyanne Conway, stand up, Kellyanne. Stand up. Another warrior. I just saw Kellyanne. I said stand up. No, but think of it, as somebody saying that. Now look, $1.5 billion that Hunter, who got thrown out of the Navy, who had no experience, who had not anything, got a lot of money from Ukraine, but he got 1.5 billion from China, I got to tell you, I've been negotiating with China, they're very tough. China. I got to tell you, I've been negotiating with China. They're very tough. That is not the same group of Chinese people that I've been negotiating with. They gave him 1.5 billion. He'll make millions and millions with that. And how about saying, by the way, Mr. President, would you please take over the negotiations that President Trump is no longer handling? Guess what? You would be sold down the tubes so fast, and we're so close. China wants to make a deal so badly. I think they'd love to see another president. They would like to see another president more than crooked Hillary would, okay. Can you imagine if they ever took over negotiations of this deal, which is going to be one of the greatest deals ever made. Has to be, because we started down here and they were up there. Has to be. Can you imagine if they ever took over negotiations? This is what China would love more than anything else. It's not going to happen folks, because we can't let our country go back to hell. We can't do it. We can't let it happen. Because the Bidens got rich while America was robbed, and let me tell you the fake news will not put it in. I watched the last debate, and this weakling named Anderson Cooper saying, well, it's totally unsubstantiated, Mr. Biden, solely answer. What's unsubstantiated? He is on tape doing a real quid pro quo. Sure, it's totally unsubstantiated, sir. I've never seen anything like it. Could you imagine if I did what he did? Could you imagine if Don Jr. or Eric Trump walked out of China while I was, let's say, vice president or president. Let's say they walked out of China with 1.5 billion. Do you think the press would be saying, well, it's unsubstantiated? No, it's something. Let me just tell you something. These people, not all of them, but these people are very dishonest people. Very, very dishonest. But under this administration, the great betrayal is over. America is not for sale. And we're more determined than ever to drain the swamp, and that's what we're doing with these crazy people. A lot of bad things happened, and a lot of bad things I think are going to be revealed because there's no way we can allow them to get away with what they would have with a normal person gotten away with. Let's face it. These are bad people. Thanks to my tariffs, we will soon have over $100 billion from a country that didn't want to do anything with us. And I'll tell you, they started buying our farm product. You see that. They started buying a lot of our product even before the deals are done. Last year, I got our farmers $16 billion because they were targeted. And the year before I got them $12 billion. I just took them out of the tariffs, and we had a lot leftover. And I said, congratulations farmers. I love you. I love our farmers. They love me. That's why they did, they targeted our farmers. I said, congratulations. That's compliments of China. And they do. They want to make a deal so badly. Frankly, honestly, they want to make a deal a lot more than I want to make a deal. That's the way it is. Because we're doing very well right now with China. We're replacing the NAFTA disaster with the US, Mexico, Canada agreement. A huge win for Kentucky farmers, for Kentucky auto workers, for Kentucky manufacturers. Unfortunately, Nancy Pelosi so far and the do nothing Democrats don't want to give the people of our country a victory. It's really, let it be a bipartisan deal. I don't care. It's such an incredible deal for this country, and NAFTA was one of the worst deals ever made. Democrats need to pass the US MCA. We need their votes. Otherwise you can't pass it. And it's up to Pelosi who has to put it forward, but she's too busy wasting their time. So either pass it or go back to San Francisco and clean up your mess. The Obama Biden's administration's trans-Pacific partnership would have dealt the death blow to the American auto industry. That would have been one of the great catastrophes. My first week in office, I canceled that job-killing travesty. You know all about it. Under our policies just days ago, Ford and the UAW announced a $1 billion investment in Louisville. 1 billion. Before my election, our leaders used the great American middle-class as a piggy bank to fund their delusional global projects. They were globalists. I was elected to be president of the United States, not president of the globe. They decimated American manufacturing to promote economic growth in foreign countries. Tell me, how is that good. They try and convince you it's good. I was a very good student. I'm a very like, we're all smart. We sit back, we listen, and I say, these people are, something wrong with them. Only in Kentucky can somebody be so precise. You're right about, you are right about that. They deployed our military to protect immensely wealthy nations, subsidizing their welfare states with your money. The money we spend on other country's militaries, but it's coming down. And I'm telling other countries, I'm sorry, you're going to have to pay now. I'm sorry. Pay. Pay. Pay, you got to pay. And they poured precious American blood and treasure into the Middle East while our great cities fell into decay and disrepair. We go in for internet. We want rural, we'll bring it in. And we're bringing 5g into places like Kentucky that haven't been properly served. We're bringing it in all over the middle West, all over the country. And we're really ahead of schedule. We're doing really well. People will be very surprised soon when some numbers come out, but we're doing very well. But you were very much underserved for years. And yet we're investing billions and billions of dollars in places you've never even heard of. Doesn't make sense, does it? But after years of rebuilding other nations, we are finally rebuilding our nation. We are finally putting America first. Yet the deep state and the failed ruling class are trying to resist any changes to their failed policies of the past. They believe it is their right to rule over you and to redistribute your wealth all around the world. No thank you. No thank you. That's why we ended the Paris Accord. That's why… We've ended a lot. I don't even want to tell you. But the sellout of the American nation ended the day I took the oath of office and you understand that. Past leaders transform far away nations into chaotic war zones. Then they demanded that America accept unlimited migration from those terror afflicted regions. Take the people, take the people. We defeated ISIS. We. When I took over three years ago, when we took over, when I took over, ISIS was all over. I defeated ISIS. I didn't even know to what extent. I was watching the other night the great Lou Dobbs, and he said, "When Trump took over, President Trump," he used to say, "Trump is a great president." Then he said, "Trump is the greatest president since Ronald Reagan." Then he said, "No, no, Trump is an even better president than Ronald Reagan." And now he's got me down as the greatest president in the history of our country, including George Washington and Abraham Lincoln. Thank you. We love you too. But we didn't fight them over there only to invite them over here. We didn't do that. We're not doing that. You see what we're going and you see what we're doing and you see it's never easy because I get hit by the swamp 15 different ways, but it doesn't matter. We're doing the right thing to protect our communities. My administration implemented the travel ban on some of the world's most dangerous countries. A lot of people were against it. They said, "Isn't that terrible?" Countries that have crime rates that are so high you wouldn't even believe it's possible, and we have a travel ban now. We don't take people from those countries. I'm sorry. And we won a historic victory on the travel ban in the United States Supreme Court, ruled it totally constitutional. On no issue have Democrats more totally betrayed you than on immigration. Democrats want open borders. They want to give illegal aliens free healthcare, free education, more advantages than our own citizens have and more benefits than our own military gets. In the Republican party, we believe taking care of our own citizens first is paramount. Thanks to our tireless efforts to secure our Southern border, illegal crossings have dropped 60% since May. The wall is being built. It's going up rapidly. It's got a big impact. And I want to thank Mexico. We have 27,000 Mexican soldiers on our border policing our border because the Democrats will not do anything to end loopholes. It would take us 15 minutes and we could end the loopholes. Think of the word loopholes. They don't want to end the loophole. If you want to keep violent criminal aliens out of your communities, you have only one choice tomorrow, and that's to vote for Matt Bevin. Democrats are becoming more extreme and militant by the day. The Democrat's planned government takeover of healthcare would obliterate Medicare. What are they doing? I will always protect Medicare for our nation's seniors. It's going to be protected. What they're doing is crazy. And we will always protect patients with preexisting conditions. And we will also protect you with preexisting physicians. How about that? Preexisting physicians. First time I've ever said that, just thought of that. True. Because under their plan, you don't get your own doctor. You know what you get? Whatever the hell you get. That's what you get. Oh great doc, fix me up doc. You mean you want to work on my heart? Who are you, doc? I don't think so. Thanks to our campaign to combat the opioid epidemic with your governor's help, we have seen a 17% drop in overdose deaths in Kentucky, which is a record. Democrats have also waged an unrelenting assault against people of faith. Anybody in here a person of faith? Great people. The last administration threatened adoption and foster care agencies purely for their religious beliefs. Last week my administration took action to stop that Obama era assault. It was an assault. And governor Matt Bevin is a national leader on behalf of vulnerable children, and there is no better leader than him, what he has done. And together we're fighting for American orphans, foster families, and the sacred rights of religious believers. And he's done a fantastic job. Virtually every top Democrat also now supports late term abortion, ripping babies straight from their mother's womb right up until the moment of birth. And that's why I've asked Congress to prohibit extreme late term abortion because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift from God. Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late term abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption. The Republican party is the party of the American worker, the American family, the American dream, and it's the party of the great Abraham Lincoln. We forgot that. Abraham Lincoln. The incredible rebuilding of our military includes over $100 billion investments all across the state of Kentucky. I withdrew our nation from the horrible one sided Iran nuclear deal. It's not the same country. When I came in that country, there were in 18 different sites of confliction, they called it. And now they're a little different, a little different. We'll see what happens with Iran. And I recognize Israel's true capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. For years, you watched as your politicians apologized for America. Remember? He'd go around, oh, thank you so much. He wouldn't apologize to you, but he apologized to others. Now you have a president who is standing up for America, and we are standing up for the people of Kentucky. The next step to victory begins tomorrow and it begins with all of you. You have to do this. Look, maybe you'll be late for work. Maybe you'll be late for whatever. I don't want to know everything. Some things I don't want to know, but you have to just put it off. You have to go vote. It's so important. Tomorrow is so, because beyond even the governorship, and it's so important. Because again, your state is setting records. In the history of your state, you've never done this well economically, job wise, unemployment, employment, factories moving in, new factories, open expansion of your car plants. You've never done this well, but you're sending that big message to the rest of the country. It's so important. You got to get your friends, you got to vote. Because if you lose, it sends a really bad message. It just sends a bad, and they will build it up. Here's the story. If you win, they're going to make it like ho hum. And if you lose, they're going to say, Trump suffered the greatest defeat in the history of the world. This was the greatest. You can't let that happen to me. And you know what? You can't let that happen to your incredible state, Kentucky. You can't let that happen. That would be a disaster for yourself because you'd be losing an incredible governor. But you're going to have a great victory tomorrow. With your support, you have to go out and vote. We will show the corrupt Democrats that the American people are not backing down and we will never ever back down. So tomorrow, we need you to go out and get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors. Get out and vote for governor Matt Bevin and all of these great Republicans. With your help, we will lift millions more of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence and poverty to prosperity. Together we will elect a Republican Congress. 2020, we're going to re-elect because of their stupidity. These people are on the run, and I will campaign in every one of those states that were so corrupt if they raise their hand. And don't forget. Out of 194, we got 194, not one Republican left us last week. And two Republicans, think of that. And the other three couldn't get there because of, but they were votes. They said they were totally votes, had airport problems. I said, you can't do that. Airport problems. But then we had the Democrats. We picked up two Democrats, so we had bipartisan support. That's unusual. I always say because they're lousy politicians, they've got lousy policy, but they do stick together. That's about it. We will elect a Republican Congress in 2020. And we'll have a great speaker of the house in Kevin. We're going to create a fair, safe, sane, and lawful system of immigration. We'll enact trade deals that result in more products proudly stamped with those beautiful words "made in the USA". We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding new cures for childhood cancer and ending, listen to this, the AIDS epidemic in America within less than 10 years. We've already started. Who would have felt we could have done that? We've started. In the past administration toward the end, we had certain things that we could have done. They didn't do anything. They didn't do anything, but we did. We have it all funded and we started, think of that, AIDS within 10 years will be out of this country. Nobody would have thought that was possible. We will end it. Great, great. I came into my office, they were telling me about the breakthroughs that have been made. It's incredible what they're doing. And don't forget right to try, by the way, where somebody who's terminally ill can now use our medicines, which they were never allowed to in the past. So instead of traveling to Asia and Europe and all over the world, or going home hopeless and dying, they can now use what we call right to try. We have the greatest doctors, the greatest drugs, greatest labs in the world. They can now go and try. And we are having unbelievable success. Unbelievable. Right to try. We will chart a new era of discovery in space, and someday soon we will land on, believe it or not, the surface of the moon only to go to Mars. You know I said we've done the moon. No, they say, sir, we land on the moon to go to Mars, and that's what we're doing with the moon. And we are really, really advanced. It's moving along rapidly. We will defend privacy, free speech, free assembly, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms. And above all, we will never stop fighting for the cherished values that bind us together as one America. We support, protect and defend the constitution of the United States. We stand with the incredible heroes and warriors of law enforcement. We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life. We believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy, are the true American way. We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag. Loyal citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people. The great state of Kentucky was settled by some of the most devoted and courageous people ever to walk on the face of the earth. These tough pioneer men and strong pioneer women braved the wilderness and defied the danger to build a life and to build a home. They didn't have a lot of money. They didn't have a lot of luxury. But they all had one thing in common. They love their families, they love their country and they love their God. These proud Kentucky Patriots did not shed their blood, sweat and tears so that we could sit at home while others try to erase their legacy and destroy their magnificent heritage. Our allegiance is to our nation. Our loyalty is to our citizens. And our devotion is to our Creator. For the sake of our freedom, for the sake of our children, we are going to keep on working. We are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. We are one movement. We are one people. We are one family and one glorious nation under God. America is thriving like never before. And ladies and gentlemen of Kentucky, the best is yet to come. Together, we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you, Kentucky. Thank you. Go out and vote.
Well thank you very much. And I'm thrilled to be back in Wisconsin where we had a very big night a few years ago. You remember that very big night? Remember that? They said, "Donald Trump has won the state of Wisconsin." And since then we've produced everything we said and more and more. Before it was talk. I said, "I'm going to do this. We're going to take care of your trade." What we've done with China now, on Wednesday we signed, that's tomorrow. What we've done with the US MCA, what we've done with Japan, $40 billion trade deal that a lot of it has to do with the farmers. South Korea. Oh, you got to love Trump, you got to love Trump. And you're great Green Bay Packers are playing San Francisco this weekend. Good luck. So do we have any Green Bay packer fans here tonight? That's right. And you have a great quarterback who's a good guy, a good guy. As we begin the year, our economy is booming, wages are rising, poverty is plummeting. Crime is falling and America is the envy of the entire world. And then our opponents say, "We're not going to win. Let's impeach President Trump. Let's impeach him." We've got the greatest economy in our history. Our military has been totally rebuilt. "Let's impeach him." But we've created 7 million jobs since the election, including more than 1 million manufacturing and construction jobs. Nobody thought that was possible. And we will soon be replacing the NAFTA catastrophe, one of the worst trade deals in the history of the world, frankly with the incredible US MCA, Canada, Mexico, a giant victory for Wisconsin workers, farmers and dairy producers, a tremendous victory. And we may get that all taken care of this week or next week. It just needs one more vote and we'll get that out of the Republican Senate. The Republican Senate will be great. Tomorrow we'll also be signing our phase one trade deal with China, massively boosting exports of products made and produced right here in the great state of Wisconsin. So after years of devastating defense cuts, we have fully rebuilt the United States Military to a point that it has never been before and it's now more advanced, more lethal, and more powerful than ever. And last year, our great American warriors, because that's what they are. And they love it. I got to tell you, they love it, right? They love doing that. They wouldn't trade places with me under any circumstances. They wouldn't trade places with all of our great Wisconsin politicians. They want to be a military warrior and we don't want them for that. We want them doing what they're doing. But our great warriors carried out a daring nighttime raid and terminated the founder and leader of ISIS. The animal known as al-Baghdadi is dead and the wicked caliphate is 100% destroyed. And I will tell you when we took over a little less than three years ago, ISIS was all over the place. Now the caliphate is 100% destroyed. Do you remember when I wanted to leave when it was at 98%? I said, let some of the other countries finish it off. We're going home, right? They all said, "Oh, no sir, please finish it." So we finished it off to 100%. A few days ago. We took bold and decisive action to defend American lives and deliver American justice. At my direction, the United States military launched a flawless precision strike that killed the world's number one terrorist, number one terrorist. Do you know who that is? Qasem Soleimani, number one terrorist in the world. Soleimani was responsible for murdering and wounding thousands of Americans and was actively planning new attacks, but we stopped them cold. And frankly, they already started the attack, as you saw in Baghdad, on our very large embassy in Baghdad. That was already started. And I said to our generals, "Get there now. We don't want to have another Benghazi. Not on my watch, or on any watch." They said, "Sir, we'll be there tomorrow." I said, "Nope, you got to be there right now. Get them over there now." There are thousands of soldiers. They were soldiers. You take a look at that crowd. That was not protesters. They were soldiers, and they were surrounding our embassy in Baghdad. And all of a sudden they see these beautiful, very expensive, I will tell you, brand new Apache helicopters roaming over the top. And then they see our great military. You saw them in the plane, right? Some of them were getting out of their pajamas. They were. I said, "Don't worry about it." I said, "We won't put that on." But they were sitting there and they were calling a roll call in the plane. Right? And it was a beautiful sight. And these guys were better than Tom Cruise at his best.  Protestors Disturb the Rally. One protester, a very weak voice. If you people wouldn't go crazy every time you see something, he'd go right through and nobody would even know she was there. Now she's going home to mom where she will be in big trouble. Because I guarantee you that mom voted for Trump. And in 10 years from now, when I run yet again, she'll be voting for Trump too. I'm only kidding. I'm only kidding. We drive them crazy. We drive them crazy. They say, "You know he's not leaving, don't you? He's never leaving." They say, "He's going to win. He's never going to leave." These people, it's called Trump Derangement Syndrome. It really is. You know what they don't know is that if for any reason, after five years we do leave, which we will, because I believe in that stuff. Right? But you know what's going to happen to their industry. They're all going to die and fold up. Going to be very boring out there, very boring. That's why I say at some point, every single one of them will be endorsing Donald Trump. But crazy Bernie Sanders and the Washington Democrats, by the way, Bernie is surging. Bernie is surging. Bernie. But the Democrats are outraged that we kill this terrorist monster even though this monster was behind hundreds and hundreds of death. That's two. Hey, speaking of protesters, have you seen what's happened in Iran? The protesters are on our side. First time ever. They're on our side. In fact, they put this big American flag on the street. And the Iranians, thousands and thousands of Iranians were supposed to walk on it and trample it and step and beat the hell out of it. Every one of them went around that flag. They like Trump. They like you. I'm just your representative, but they like us. They like us. They haven't seen anything like that in a long time. They went around, did you see it? They went around the flag. They didn't want to touch it. They love America. They love our country. That's called progress. That's called progress. But the Democrats are doing everything possible to disparage what we did with the hit on this monster. Many of the young men and women you see walking around without arms, without legs and without … were done by Soleimani. That's what he loved. He loved the roadside bomb. That's what he loved. Thousands and thousands and thousands in Iraq, in Afghanistan, roadside bombs. He was the king of the roadside bombs. Great percentages of people don't have legs right now and arms because of this son of a bitch. Now the Democrats should be outraged by Soleimani's evil crimes, not that decision to end his wretched life. They're saying, "Well, he was a general. He was this. He was that." You know what? Number one, he wasn't supposed to be there. He was a designated terrorist by president Obama who didn't do anything about it as usual. As usual, they don't do anything. They designate and they don't do anything about. He should've been killed 20 years ago. Now, here's the story with the Democrats. If I didn't kill him, and let's say we lost three, four, five embassies or bases or thousands of people or hundreds of people or two people were killed, they would have said, "Trump should have taken him out." Anything we do, they go the opposite. So we kill him. And that was precision. Some people thought it went much too fast. Went too fast. So we kill him and they say, "What a horrible …" If we didn't kill him, they'd say, "What a horrible thing." Right? And by the way, they think they caught me. They never catch us. Because Mexico's paying for the wall. You know that. You'll see that. It's all worked out. Mexico's paying. It's driving them crazy. Now they say, "Okay, he's building the wall. But Mexico didn't pay." Mexico will pay. And here's the thing. You'll see that it'll come out. We'll do it sometime during the debate or maybe before. Our debate, the real debate that people are going to watch, because nobody's watching. haven't been doing great on the debates. I have to tell you. But we are building this wall. We're over 100 miles right now. We're going to be expanding the length. You have a lot of natural where you have 1,978 miles. You need 500 miles, but 700 would be good, 750 or so would be great. We're going to now get it up. We have all the financing. You think it's easy getting financing when people put … I can get anything from them. I can get whatever I want in terms of money except for a wall. And I made one big mistake. I should have said to them, "We will not build the wall. We don't want the wall." They would have insisted that we build it. We would have had all the money we wanted. I made a mistake. I made a big mistake. Now we're building the wall. It's going up and it's going up rapidly and very soon we'll be building about a mile a day. And we should be up to over 400 miles by next year, the end of next year, and shortly thereafter it'll be finished. And it's already having a tremendous impact on people not being able to come into our country. Bernie and the radical left cannot protect your family and they cannot protect our country, nor do they want to, I think. According to Elizabeth Pocahontas Warren, who has somewhat less Indian blood in her than I do, and I have none. Remember? Oh, we hit her hard. But I hit her too early, but now it doesn't matter. She's not going anywhere. But Bernie said, according to her, Bernie said, and I don't believe that he said this, because I don't know him. I don't particularly like him. He's a nasty guy. But I don't believe he said it. It's not his field. You have to know what people say. She said, right, that Bernie stated strongly that a woman can't win for president. A woman can win for president. Fortunately that could happen. Who knows? But she said that Bernie said, "A woman can't win." I don't believe that Bernie said that. I really don't know. Just it's not the kind of a thing he'd say. If you want to keep America safe, just vote Republican. We're doing so well. We're doing so well. Now this was … leave him alone. That's all right. Let security just take care of her. Okay, you all right? Get him out here. Good. Good job security. Good job. Do we love law enforcement? And is there ever, ever a better place to be than a Trump rally on some night during some week? The truth, is we have a great time. But you know what? More importantly we get things done. We're getting everything done. But even president Obama's own former National Security Advisor, a highly respected general named Jim Jones, praised our action to take out Soleimani and said it was absolutely correct and it was the absolute right thing to do. I'm sure they like him very much. He sounds like our kind of a guy. So Jim, if they've given you a hard time, come on over to the Republican party. No, he's a respected guy. He said we did the right thing. Everyone knows. They're saying, "Was the attack eminent? Was it eminent?" Does the fact that he's killed hundreds of thousands of people and thousands of Americans and horribly killed and wounded thousands and thousands? That doesn't matter. Was the attack eminent? I think they're going to start a new investigation. Was the attack or this horror … and by the way, he was in a country he wasn't allowed to be in. We don't mention that because he was designated and he wasn't allowed to be there. And he was there with the head of Hezbollah, and they were talking about, like Hillary Clinton. They were talking about weddings and working out. Soleimani and the head of Hezbollah, they were talking about weddings, working out. Or Bill Clinton in the back of the airplane with the Attorney General, where they may have made her an offer that you're going to go to the Supreme Court. Or they may have said, "You're going to to stay Attorney General, but help. Help." They may have said that. Do you think they would have said that? No. Nothing like that. But do you remember? They talked about golf and grandchildren, right? 45 minutes. I like golf. 45 minutes. I like golf and I love my grandchildren. I don't think I can talk to somebody about them for 45 minutes that I don't even know. 45. I have a beautiful grandchild. He's really beautiful. He's so great. Okay. What else am I going to say, right? Then I took a… Let's talk one or two. How's Tiger doing? How's this one? How's that one? That's another five minutes, right? What am I going to do with the other 35 minutes? Maybe I'm going to talk about Supreme court appointments, et cetera. Got zero. He got zero out of it. He got zero. I'd love to have that money back. It's a lot of money. But I've warned the Ayatollah and the government of Iran that they must not harm, hurt, or kill any protesters. The whole world is watching. It's watching. They've killed thousands of protests. We support the Iranian people and their courageous struggle for freedom. It's incredible what's going on over there. It really is. But we're watching it. We're watching very closely. And we were ready. That night when the attack was made on us, attack was made on us. Remember this, they killed an American, they killed other people just before that. And so we did what we did, right? And they said, it's our turn now. I said, you better be careful when you say it's our turn. Because we had designated targets that you wouldn't know… It would have taken him 30 years to rebuild if that was even possible. It's true, it's true. And we saw those missiles launched, and they were big and they were fast, and they were accurate. Four of them went bad. They fell way short. But 12 of them hit. And I said, man, they are quick. They knew immediately what they were, and they saw those missiles hit. I said, how bad is it? It hit a base. And an hour later or so, we get a call back. I said, how many killed? Nobody, sir. I said, how many hurt? They said, nobody, sir. And I said, they just saved themselves a trillion dollars and a lot of lives. That's true. A trillion, not a billion. A trillion. So they did a very smart thing and we're not looking for regime change. They've tried that with Libya. They go, Hillary Clinton, let's get rid of Libya. Let's get rid of Gaddafi. Let's get rid of Gaddafi. How's that working out? Right? Let's get rid of Gaddafi. That was a Hillary deal. Then you had Benghazi. And see Benghazi, they didn't respond. They didn't respond. Should be. Should be to Iraq. Iraq didn't knock down the World Trade Center just in case anybody had any question. And this guy did kill. He was not a sweetheart. He was a bad guy in every way. But he did kill terrorists, right? And it became Harvard University for terrorists, right? But they did go after him, but he didn't knock down out. You know what I did with the soldiers? They don't tell you the truth, sorry, because there are a bunch of corrupt people back there. I told Turkey, you got to defend your own border. We're not going to defend your border. And we get along with Turkey. We get along, but they've been there for… And by the way, I call it a safe zone. That is the most dangerous safe zone in the world. Okay? I'm looking at the audience, there's about three of you that want to be in that zone, okay? And you're very tough people. But this is the most dangerous… I call it, I call it the safe zone. Some day it may be a safe zone, but I took our soldiers out, because we had an army here and we had a vast number of people here, and they were going to fight. I said, if they're going to fight like they have been for hundreds and hundreds of years, for centuries, let them fight. But we're getting the hell out of there, okay? But the fake news doesn't tell you the right story. But the fake news doesn't tell you the right story. Because what I did is I took our soldiers, and you know what I did? I moved them to the oil area, and we now control the oil. So they said Trump stayed in Syria. Trump said, so people said to me, why you staying in Syria? Okay? A long time ago. You have no idea the things and the decisions I've seen. So they say Trump's in Syria, I didn't pull out. I did pull out. We have the oil really secure. We'll see what happens with it, but we can help our friends, the Kurds, because that's where they got their wealth. And then ultimately it was with ISIS. But right now it's with the United States military. And we also got rid of remnants of ISIS. While we're creating jobs and killing terrorists, democrats in Congress are wasting America's time with demented hoaxes and crazy witch hunts that had been going on by the way, from the day I came down the escalator with our future first lady. Somebody said to me recently, President, President, it was a friend of mine, used to always call me Donald. Hey Donald, how are you doing? Let's go have dinner. Okay, okay, good. Now he calls me President. I told you this before. Calls me pres… They always call me President. President, President, tell me what's happening, what's going on, how's it all going? You're doing such a great job. I said, do me a favor. Call me Donald. I can't. Now when they say, you know what that means, right? That means respect for the office of president. And you know what? We're going to keep that way. We're going to keep it that way. We're going to keep it there. But that's why this November we're going back and we're going to win the House. The Republicans are going to win the House. Because I don't know if you know it. The impeachment hoax, it's a total hoax. This is based… Just think of this. This is based on a perfect phone call. Did anybody read the transcript? It's a perfect call. In fact, if you go back and look at Lyndon Johnson, all of them. Lyndon Johnson was sort of a tough guy. Can you imagine his phone calls? He's probably looking down or looking up, and he's probably saying, these people have gone crazy. That's the nicest call I've ever tracked. Somebody said, I never knew you could be so nice on a telephone call. But this is all based on a simple phone call that was totally appropriate where the president of Ukraine said there was no pressure on us. Didn't even know what they were talking about. The foreign minister said they want to impeach. Impeach the president of the United States over a perfect phone call. It's the greatest hoax ever perpetrated on our country. Ever. I don't know if you've seen. Independent voters and voters I think of all of the voters, including Democrats moving over, we just got a 195 to nothing, the Republicans in the house, which was a fix. Nancy Pelosi says it must be nonpartisan. And she said, it has to be clear cut. Well, number one, never happened. No problem. Number two, look at the vote. Three Democrats voted with us. So I guess you could say it was a nonpartisan vote because they voted with us, okay? But we're going back and we're going to hold the Senate. And we're going to keep the White House, but we're going to win back the House. We're going to win back the House. And I'm thrilled tonight. A man who has become a great friend of mine, he's a warrior. Senator Ron Johnson is here. Come up here. What a good guy. Congressman Bryan Steil. Jim Sensenbrenner. Glenn Grothman. Glenn, come up. Come up. Mike Gallagher. Wisconsin house speaker Robin Voss. Wisconsin state Senate president Roger Roth. State Senate president. Come on fellas. Wisconsin state Senate majority leader Scott Fitzgerald. A friend of mine, a world champion. Would you believe it? Is Sean here? Where's Sean? Where's Sean? Get up here. I love champions. He would climb that sucker. He was the best in the world right here from Wisconsin, right? Congressman Sean Duffy. We miss him. But he signed with CNN. They paid him a lot of money, and they don't put them on. Why? Because I'm pro-Trump. You think that's fair, right? He's pro-Trump. So what they've done is paid him money to silence him because he has a very important voice. Great job. Yeah, I like that kind of a job. I think he's okay with it. He gets his check, they refuse to put him on. He says good things about Trump. We don't want you on. That's CNN. That's how fake right there. Turn the camera on. And a good friend of all of ours, a Kenosha native, Reince Priebus. Reince, come up. Thank you, man. Thank you Reince. This is a great group of Republican people, but more importantly, it's a great group of winners. They have been so great, so they worked so hard and I just want to thank you all for being here tonight. Thank you. Thank you Ron. A great guy. Thanks to strong Republican leadership like Ron, like all of them that you just saw, America is winning again. America is respected again. And America is thriving again like never before. We're doing great. We're the envy of the world. And under my administration, we now have the lowest average unemployment rate of any administration in the history of our country. And in your great state, Wisconsin… You ever noticed with Biden, he's always calling the wrong state? And in your great state of Iowa, Iowa. It's Iowa, right? No, it's Wisconsin. Oh, I meant Wisconsin. Oh, I didn't know I was in Wisconsin. That's fine. How many times has he done that, by the way? Lots of times, he said. It's great to be in the state of Ohio. No sir, you're in Florida. Many times. The sad part about that… Sleepy Joe is right. You know the sad part about that? When you do that, you can't really recover. You can be Winston Churchill, make the finest remainder of remarks, but you get killed. And he does it every time. And the fake news, they give him a total pass and that's okay. It's all right. It's going to happen to all of us someday. Does anybody get that? Yeah. In Wisconsin, the unemployment rate has reached its lowest level in history. How's that for a sound bite? How do you beat that sound bite, right? So now the people of Wisconsin are going to say, well let's see the state set a record, most successful it's ever been. And by the way, that's because we got a lot of help from a guy named Scott Walker. Your governor. Ron Johnson, all those guys. Because this didn't happen so quickly. But think. So how do you beat that? You have the most successful, lowest unemployment rate you've ever had. And then they say, somebody's going to come and say, well we'll do a better job. Really, you're going to do a better job? The lowest in history by far, your number one economic numbers by far. Oh, let's put somebody else in as president. I don't think so. Right? But here's one that I loved the most. African American, Hispanic American, Asian American unemployment rates have reached the lowest levels ever recorded in the history of our country. And here's another one. African American youth, the way it was was so high was so horrible. Youth unemployment has reached an all time low in recorded history. African-American poverty has reached the lowest rate ever recorded also. The only question are you at 70, 80, 90, 97%? He goes higher. What are you at? What's yours? 100%. Not bad. I know who he's voting for. But think of this, because this is what it's about. Is that these companies, these big public companies, they're owned by the people, they're owned by everybody. Rich people, and they're owned by everybody. We have set 141 records on the stock market, highest levels ever in recorded history. 141 records. That means, in less than three years, for 141 days, we set a record. Think of it, we've said 141 records. Who the hell can do that? And if our opponents had won the election, instead of going up, we're very close to 30,000 on the Dow. Nobody thought that was possible. And clearly the fakers back there, nobody thought that was possible. Instead of being up, you would have… I believe, I really believe, because regulation, so important, tax cuts, so important to get it all going. I believe instead of being up massively, whatever the number is, but depending on who you are, changes, but it's all way over 60, 70, 80, you guys know. You would have been down 50, 60, 70. You would have been down at a level, you would probably be extremely depressed, right now. You wouldn't have bought all those brand new keep America great hats. Don't worry, we're never getting rid of MAGA, don't worry. We don't have the courage to get rid of MAGA. The greatest campaign in history. We're never leaving. But you wouldn't have bought those hats. You know why? You wouldn't have the money to buy him. Okay? Now you can buy them, it doesn't mean a damn thing. So let's do it real fast. The poll, right? Make America great again, or keep America great, right? I don't have to go through the whole deal. We're going to do it quick. We're going to do it quickly. Ready? Who likes make America great again? Whoa. They're very loyal people in Wisconsin. Who likes keep America great? All right. So it surprises me every single time. But make America great again, MAGA, has never won one of these polls. You know why? We've rebuilt our military, we've cut taxes, we've cut regulation, our stock market hit records. It's called keep America great. I mean, we've done so much. And I just got a free… See these Democrats, they go out and spend $1 million on a poll. What I do is I take my own poll. And they'll interview 203 people. 203 people say they'll get it wrong. Because I'm always surprised. Make America great again I think is the greatest phrase ever used in politics, right? But under the Trump economy, the lowest paid earners are reaping the biggest, fastest, and largest games. You know that right? This is a blue collar boom. They don't like telling you that. Under my administration, the growth in net worth for the bottom half of wage earners has increased 15 times more than under the three previous administrations. That's pretty amazing. Because they keep saying, oh, the rich are getting richer. Well, the poor are doing the best they've ever done. Earnings for the bottom 10% are rising faster than earnings for the top 10% proportionately. Under eight years of the Barack Hussein Obama administration. Which administration loves spying on people's campaigns? By the way, by the way, could you imagine if it were the other way around and I spied on his campaign? What would these fake news people be doing? More than 300,000 people under Obama, 300,000 people left the workforce. Under just three years of by administration, 3.5 million people have joined the workforce and nobody believed that was possible. 370 companies have signed our pledge to America's workers providing more than 14 million Americans with new training and job opportunities. We're training them. We're getting them, Walmart, so many great companies, they're training people, because they can train a much better than government. 14 million, you know who has worked so hard on that? Everybody, you've heard of Ivanka, right? Ivanka. She had such a passion for it. She's very smart. I said, would you like this? You have no debt. I want to get people working. I want to get them and help families. So I said, all right, good. Look, she's smart. Go do whatever the hell you want to do, it's okay, darling. So she had a goal of a half a million people. She was going to get trained, get into companies. So she'd call Walmart, she'd call Exxon, she'd call all these great companies. And all of a sudden she hit 8 million. Then she hit 9 million. Don't forget, she wanted to do 500,000, but this is her. Then she had 10 million. She just hit 14 million people have been trained by these great companies. 14 million. Ivanka. 14 million, would you believe that's possible? But that's why we have the best unemployment rates, we have the best employment rates. By the way, very close to 160 million people are now working in the United States. Nobody's ever even come close to that number. We've lifted 10 million people off federal welfare programs. Real median income is now at the highest level ever recorded in the history of our country. Think of that. Real median income. Under eight years, so we're here three years right, but really less because when it was done, the stats, it was two and a half. But we have less than three. Under eight years of the Bush administration, household incomes grew $400. Eight years, $400. Under eight years of president Obama, household incomes grew $975,000. That's okay, 975. Eight years, right? Under three years of the Trump administration, household incomes have risen $10,000. Ten thousand. That's why we're doing well. The consumer. $3,100 of which for regulatory cuts, $2,000 for the tax cuts, it's actually higher than that, $2,500 for energy savings, and $5,000 in real wage gains. $10,000. The child tax credit alone, which every Democrat in Congress opposed, is delivering $2,200 a year to the average American family. Who's in favor of that cut. Who's in favor of having that? You? People don't know. They think the Democrats gave it. The Democrats give nothing. They're too busy. They're too busy doing other things. They don't do anything. They're too busy doing other things. We ended the war on American energy. The United States is now the number one producer of oil and natural gas anywhere on earth. Number one in the world by far. Saudi Arabia, Russia, but we're number one by far. And if I get a couple of additional pipelines approved, which I will very quickly, instead of waiting 20 years to get them approved, it'll increase this by another 22% that will get them done quickly. And they'll be environmentally friendly and all of that. I believe in that. We have eliminated a record number of job-destroying regulations. I brought back the old light bulb. Better light for much less money, if you want it, right? Little things. Somebody said, oh sir, don't mention the light bulb. It's hard to make an elegant speech. I'm saying I brought back the light bulb. So the new light bulb costs you five times as much, and it makes you look orange. And I was more interested in the orange than I was in the cost. But you know what, if you want, you have it. And the new bulb, I don't know if you see it, it's on there. It's a hazardous waste. When that bulb ends, you're supposed to take it to a certain dump and gingerly put it in because it's loaded up with gasses. That's the new… I said to somebody today in Environmental Protection, how many people do that in the country? Sir, maybe none. They throw it into the garbage can. And it's… Wait. And it was just announced from South Korea, makes a lot of our products, unfortunately, I put a tariff on washing machines and refrigerators, right? They just announced that they're building major refrigerator and washing machine plants in the United States. You know why? You know why? Because they don't want to pay the 25% tariff. So they're building them here. That way they don't have to pay the tariff. And just one final thing. I know this doesn't matter, but I said leave it. It's so inelegant to- I know this doesn't matter, but I said leave it. It's so inelegant to talk about it, right? Right? Isn't it inelegant? I'm talking about dishwashers. Wait till you hear the next one. I'm talking about refrigerators. Probably wanting to say to the union, I'll leave it out because I want to get praise for making a … You cannot make a brilliant speech where they say, "That was such an incredible, elegant speech," if I'm talking about dishwashers, sinks, toilets, light bulbs. But sinks, toilets and showers, you don't get any water. They put restrictors on and now they made them permanent. People used to take them out. They put restrictors on. Try going and buying a new faucet. You turn it on, no water comes out, right? We won't talk about toilets, but you know that's … 10, 15, but we don't talk about that. Because I've said this three or four times, the only subject they ever talk about is toilets, so I don't mention … but how about the shower? You go into a shower, and I have this beautiful head of hair, I need a lot of water. I need water. You go into the shower, right? You turn on the water, drip, drip, drip. I called the guy, "Something wrong with this?" "No, sir. It's just the restrictor." So you're in there five times longer than you're supposed to be. You use probably more water and it's a very unpleasant experience, right? So we're getting rid of the restrictors. You're going to have full shower flow. Full sink. Did you ever go to the faucet? You turn on the faucet to wash your hands and it turns on so easy. It's like this, because there's zero pressure behind it. No water. You go like that, the thing flips on. Whoa. And then, dung, dung. These people are crazy. And then in California, this governor, who has no clue by the way, he has no clue. Governor Gavin Newsom. He sends all the water out to the Pacific and then he just comes up … I don't know if you saw this. They come up with rules and regulations. Starting soon, if you're a person lives in California, you only get 50 gallons of water. Now, it sounds like a lot of water, but it's not. If you take a shower, wash your hands a couple of times a day … It's not. Then it goes down to 47, 46, 45. Can you imagine? You pay the highest taxes outside of New York, where they're not doing a good job in New York. They're not doing good. Everyone's leaving New York for other environs like Florida. It's not good. Because the taxes are too high. Governor Cuomo's got to get those taxes down, got to get them down, and other things have to happen. But here's Gavin Newsom. So, Gavin Newsom, you have the water pouring down from up north, millions and millions of gallons. You know what they do with it? They divert it into the Pacific Ocean, because they have … We must be in Wisconsin. No. Millions of gallons coming down from the north. They have this massive valve. You're talking about a valve, this is a serious valve, and they turn it and it … Because they have a tiny, tiny little fish that's doing very poorly with or without the water. So in the meantime, if you own a home on Beverly Hills, they scream at you if you want to water your grass a little bit, right? But you have no water coming in. They divert millions and millions of gallons. And what we've just done for the people of California is we've made it possible on a federal basis that they don't have to divert all that water anymore. Now that's only good for California, but these are the things we do. And now the last one is we're working on cars. We're making them less expensive and safer. We're giving them a tiny little bit more fuel and you're going to save on average $3,500. You're going to have a heavier car, a little bit, meaning you'll have steel instead of paper mache walls. And we're getting a lot of good response. And environmentally, it's better, because now people … the number is 12. From 12 years ago, with the old gas guzzlers, they'll all be trading in their cars to get the new cars, which they don't do right now. So it's really going to be something, and we're in a little fight with California over that. But I think ultimately we win that one. You'll buy a better car, a safer car, for less money. Not a bad combination. Not a bad thing. To lift up forgotten communities that need investment the most, we've created opportunity zones. Jobs and investment are now pouring into 120 newly designated opportunity zones right here in Wisconsin. And Ron Johnson helped and Tim Scott of South Carolina helped, right? They're doing great. They are doing good. And for decades politicians ran for office promising to defend Wisconsin workers, but then they went to Washington and lined their pockets with special interest cash as they shipped your jobs and your dreams to countries thousands of miles away. Countries that you've never even heard of. Globalist politicians lowered our economic defenses and allowed other nations to rob your factories, steal your farms. By the way, no estate tax on those beautiful farms. We got rid of that. So now, if you love your children and you have a farm or a small business or small ranch, or even a large ranch, you have no estate tax. You can give it to the kids. If you don't love your children … Anybody in here does not love their children? There are some. Come on, raise your hand. There are some. You know, they're brats. They're little brats. They're horrible human beings. So if you're one of them, this doesn't help you, because you'll save some tax. The fact is, no estate tax on these small businesses and farms. That's a tremendous thing, because you are dying, you are leaving the business to your kids. They all said, "Thank you very much, Daddy and Mommy," and then they went out and mortgaged the hell out of the place and they ended up losing it to the banks. But we got rid of the estate tax on small farms and businesses and really great things. Little stuff like that we've done that we never said we were going to do, but these people were ransacking your communities. But we are defenseless no more, because at long last you have a president who puts America first. Been a long time. Been a long time. Been a long time. We're putting America first. No issue of Washington Democrats more thoroughly betrayed the American people than that of immigration. He goes, "Traitor." Are you having a good time, sir? I think you are. Goes, "Traitor." I guess in a certain way they are traitors, when you think about it. Left wing politicians, I call them the Do Nothing Democrats, support deadly sanctuary cities, demonstrating their contempt, scorn and disdain for everyday Americans. These jurisdictions release dangerous, violent, criminal aliens out of their jails and directly onto your streets where they are free to rob, attack and murder American citizens. You have it right here. You have it right here. Last year, ICE … I love ICE. I think they're so great. You know, they moved thousands of MS-13 out of our country, thousands, and others too. But ICE officers in this region of our country arrested nearly 7,000 illegal aliens with criminal records. So you have 7,000 illegal aliens having criminal records, including those charged or convicted of murder, burglary, robbery, drug crimes, killings in the most violent way. Right here in Wisconsin, cities run by far left politicians are releasing dangerous criminal aliens who abuse, assault and threaten innocent children. Your children. Last year, a place I like, the sanctuary County of Milwaukee, released an illegal alien criminal with multiple charges for sexual assault of child. Think of that, of children. He's now at large. They're searching all over and he's looking for yet another victim. They're searching all over. Allowed to go from your sanctuary city. In the city of Madison, police arrested an illegal alien for sexual assault. After authorities released him, he committed violent battery, only to be released one more time. They're looking for him again. Isn't that nice? The same illegal alien was then arrested for a third time in September and charged with multiple sexual assaults, including sexual assault of a child. Now that criminal is once again in Wisconsin jail and I call on your left wing officials to stop the madness and to work with ICE to ensure he is deported the hell back home. Get him out of our country. Democrats stand for crime, corruption and chaos. Republicans stand for law, order and justice. It's true. It's true. We believe Wisconsin should be a sanctuary for law-abiding Americans, not for criminal aliens. We are removing these illegal criminals and gang members by the tens of thousands and we will not let them back. We made a deal with Guatemala, Honduras, El Salvador, Mexico, where they accept them back. Under the Obama administration, they get them, they bring them back. And Honduras and Guatemala, which they get that, we're not taking them back, but with us, they take them back. They take them back. Very great. It helped a lot when we were paying them hundreds of millions of dollars a year. Think of it. I just said, we're not paying them anymore. All of a sudden they said, "We would love to have our wonderful gang members back. We would love to have our gang members back, sir." Thanks to our tireless efforts to secure the border, we have reduced illegal border crossings, seven straight months in a row, and we're being helped by our new 100 miles plus of wall. Illegal crossings are down 78% since May and we have ended catch and release. That was a tough one. Our very big and very powerful border wall is going up at a record speed and we're fully financed now. Isn't that nice? That wasn't easy. That was not easy. We're adding new miles every week and we are on track to soon build that wall. You're going to have a wall like no other. It's going to be a powerful, terrific wall. And walls do work. I hate to say, remember the Democrats, "You don't need walls." Oh really? "We need drones." They wanted us to put drones flying around, taking pictures of everybody. Now, did you see on part of the new wall two days ago, illegal aliens with drugs on their back were climbing the wall. They got to the top. You know that paddle on top is called a climb resistor. It's very slippery and very hot, very hot, and they got stuck on the wall. They couldn't get off the wall. Did you see that? I was watching the news. I was surprised that the fake news showed it and I said, "Isn't that a beautiful sight?" They couldn't get over the wall. Couldn't get off. They had to get the fire department to get them down. Do you believe that? 30 feet up, that's like almost a four story building. Washington Democrats have never been more extreme than they are now. They're going crazy. They're going totally loony. Nervous nancy, how about Nervous … How about her district? Her district is so filthy dirty. It's filthy dirty with all of the things, I won't say it, but the needles and everything else. These are areas that were, 10 years ago, the best in the country and now they're disgusting. She ought to spend more time back in San Francisco taking care of her community, instead of wasting everybody's time. But taking their cues from socialist Bernie Sanders, AOC, all these people, liberal lawmakers are pushing a government takeover of healthcare that would strip 180 million Americans of their private health insurance. Many of you have great insurance. Republicans will never let that happen. They'll probably change their mind before the … See, this is why I don't like talking about it now. I'd rather wait six, seven, eight months, let them say it 5, 000 times when they have to do it, and then talk extreme late term abortion, because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift from God won five times." I said, "I've done one, but I've won. But it's the beep." But no, seriously, we're all smart people. How is it good when they say, "We're going to raise your taxes?" Is the world going crazy? They say, "We're going to raise your taxes. We're going to open borders. Everybody can come in … for everybody's health insurance. Schooling. You know, one time … we're going to get everybody a Rolls Royce, and CNN or one of them said, "They never said, and they never promised a Rolls Royce. Donald Trump lied tonight." I said, "Every illegal alien will have a Rolls Royce." They said, "He lied tonight." These people are sick. But they're the party of late term abortion, socialism and corruption. The Republican party is the party of the American worker, the American family, the American Dream, and of course, honest Abe Lincoln, right? Republicans are fighting for citizens from every background and from every race, religion, color, and creed. We are a movement. There's a movement like nobody's ever seen before. You know, when I mention this, anything I say that's even slightly false, it's headlines. "Trump said this. These people. He said this." This is one of the greatest … I would say this. This is the greatest movement in the history of our country. I really believe that. Never been a movement like this. I mean, there have been some great movements where somebody came along and out of nowhere won the state of New Hampshire, won Iowa, won South Carolina down the way, won a state some place. But we won 32 states. There's never been a movement like this, never happened before. But we're a movement for all Americans who believe in fairness and justice, equality and dignity, opportunity and safety. We are a big tent and we are a big party of big ideas for the future. That's why African Americans are joining the Republican Party like nobody ever thought even possible. They love us and we love them. And to give former prisoners a second chance at life, we passed. It was us, not the Democrats. They came to me, they wanted help, I gave them help. I got it done. I called Republicans that maybe wouldn't have been so inclined, some of them. Some of them very much inclined. Some of them very conservative were very much inclined. But I got the people that we needed. Obama couldn't do it. Bush couldn't do it. Nobody could do it. I got it approved, and from the day it was approved, I got no thanks, I got no credit. And that's okay, because you know, right? But we passed bi-partisan criminal justice reform and that's helped so many people. I mean, you know the story of Alice Johnson. You know so many different stories. It's helped so many people, especially in the African-American community, the Hispanic community. It's helped a lot of people. It's a different world. To uphold the rule of law, we have confirmed 187 federal judges, a record, who will interpret the constitution as written. 187. Last spring, Wisconsin voters, as you know, elected a great judge to your State Supreme Court, and this spring you have a chance to reelect another terrific judge, Justice Daniel Kelly. Go vote for Justice Daniel Kelly to defend the rule of law in Wisconsin. Daniel Kelly. We are aggressively combating the opioid epidemic and we've done great … Look, until you get rid of it, you never did great, but we have done numbers that nobody thought possible. In 2018, drug overdose deaths, the overdose deaths, fell for the first time in decades, including by 10% in the state of Wisconsin, 17, 18, 19 and even 21% in a couple of states. China is now putting a big stop, a big lid on Fentanyl, which is a disaster coming out of China. Said to president, "You've got to do it. People are dying, got to do it." They're doing it. We are fighting very hard for school choice and it's moving along well in Wisconsin. Milwaukee created the first school choice program 30 years ago to free children for failing government schools, and now my administration is working to give school choice to every child in America who needs it. As we continue rebuilding our military, workers are building brand new Humvee replacements … you know about that … in Oshkosh and magnificent new little old combat ships in Marinette. A lot of ships, a lot of Humvees. I recognized Israel's true capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. We recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights, something they've been trying to get for 52 years. For years you watched as your politicians apologized for America. Now you have a president who is standing up for America, and we are standing up for you, the people of Wisconsin. At stake in our present battle is the survival of the nation. What these people are doing, they will destroy our nation. They will destroy our nation. And our last election was so important. I don't know, maybe the most important ever, but it was so important. I really believe that this election maybe in its own way will be just as important. I can't say more, but just as important, because we need time for that tree to grow. You plant a tree and it takes time. We need time for that tree to grow, and we have other things that we want to do. If you want your children to inherit the blessings that generations of Americans have fought and died for to secure, then we must devote everything we have toward victory in 2020. Have to do it. Only this way can we save the America we love and drain the Washington swamp once and for all, and I have found out what a swamp it is. Bad people. I have become the expert all what a swamp. You know, when I used to say, "Drain the swamp," I had no idea it would be that bad. But we're winning. We're here and they're not. We're winning. We're winning. Bad people. Dishonest, bad people. With your help, we will lift millions more of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence, and poverty to prosperity. Together we will elect a Republican Congress to create a fair, safe, sane, and lawful system of immigration, which now we're already doing. We're already doing a lot of it. You've got to get loopholes. You know, you need their votes. We have loopholes, like visa lottery. We put names in a lottery and they come in, they become American citizens. Do you think these countries are giving us their finest? "Oh, let's give them our best citizens, put them in." These people are crazy to allow this to happen, so we're stopping it all. But ending catch and release was a very big thing, and we did that with no Democrat help. They wouldn't do it. It's called loopholes. Who wouldn't want to end loopholes? We will enact trade deals that result in more products proudly stamped with that beautiful phrase, "Made in the USA." We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding new cures for childhood cancer and ending the AIDS epidemic in America in less than 10 years. Who would've thought that? We will defend privacy, free speech, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms. And above all, we will never stop fighting for the sacred values that bind us together as one America. We support, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States of America. We stand with the incredible heroes of law enforcement. We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life. We believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy, are the true American way. We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. And we live by the words of our national motto, "In God we trust." They'll always be there. We'll never let up remove it. Those words will always be there. From Milwaukee to Monroe, from Bayfield to Green Bay, good luck this weekend. And from West Bend to West Dallas, we stand on the shoulders of the most courageous men and women ever to walk on the face of the earth. Our American ancestors crossed the oceans, settled a continent, tamed the wilderness, revolutionized industry, pioneered science, won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism, landed men on the face of the moon, and made America the greatest nation in the history of the world, and we are making it greater than ever before. Proud citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion and your drive we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. We are one movement. We are one people. We are one family and one glorious nation under God. America is thriving like never before, and ladies and gentlemen of Wisconsin, the best is yet to come. You watch. Because working together, we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America proud again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you, Wisconsin. Thank you.
Well, I thank you very much. So I want to start by saying, "Hello, Nevada. How are you doing? How are you?" And I'm thrilled to be in Douglas County, but people are coming from all over the place. There's a lot of people for Douglas County, isn't it? We have thousands and thousands of loyal, hardworking American patriots, that's what we have. And 52 days from now, we're going to win Nevada, and we're going to win four more years in the White House. And then after that we'll negotiate, right? ‘Cause we're probably, based on the way we were treated, we're probably entitled to another four after that. And it should never happen to another President. That's just a dishonest group of people. But here we are, and we're going to be here for another four years. The governor of your state- … tried very hard to stop us from having this event tonight. He didn't like us having… They can have riots and they can have all sorts of things and that's okay, you can burn up the house, that's okay. We call this a protest because if you call it a protest, you're allowed to have it. It's okay. So if anybody asks you outside, this is called a friendly protest, okay? It's true. You can't have political rallies. That's because of me, because if Biden were here, he'd have about three people. Do you ever see him with his little circles? The circle? You know why he puts the circles? Because he wants to be like correct with COVID, but it's not really because they can't get anybody to fill up a room. So they put these big circles. So he can't get anybody to fill. Nobody wants to go. Oh, boy, the fake news, look at all those people back there, the fakers. That's true. Boy, they covered. Did you see the other day, now they're finding out that to do an interview, an interview, they ask him a question. That means they're giving him the questions, they never gave me questions before. So to do an interview, he demands on getting the questions, and his people write out the answer. So they ask him a question. He goes, "Bring it up closer, I can't see it, dammit." Great. This is something. You know, we have a debate coming up in three weeks. And here's the problem. Winston Churchill. Did you ever hear of Winston Churchill? Winston Churchill was a great debater. Great. And if Joe gets off the stage, walks off the stage, if he makes it, which I think he probably will, in all fairness, he's been doing this for 47 years, right? I think he probably will. If he gets off the stage, they're going to say it was the single greatest debate they've ever seen. Winston Churchill was nothing compared to Sleepy Joe. You know that, you know that, they're going to say, "What a great performance. He was great today. He was great. This guy was great." Nah, he's not great. But your governor tried to stop us. He tried to stop us. The governor of Nevada, he tried to stop us, and we went to different venues. Kelly O'Donnell, she's a fading reporter for NBC. Do you know that? She was on, she said, "Well, they have a crowd tonight." Behind her, it looked like 25,000 people. That's what we have, by the way, a lot more coming in. But she said, "He's got maybe a thousand people, a thousand." You know what I got? I have a thousand people here. No, this is the fake news. You know what? It's not a question of how many… They are just a bunch of dishonest people, I've never seen anything like it. Being in real estate and being in New York and being in all over, I've seen a lot of dishonest people. I think the media, the fake news is the most dishonest group of people I've ever seen anywhere in my entire life. And that includes, by the way, leaders of foreign countries that aren't our friends, okay? That's a big statement. They really are bad news. But here we are, and this is really amazing. The governor tried to stop us, he couldn't, but think of this, he's in control of millions of votes. Here's a guy calling venues, telling them not to have the rally, calling different venues, "Don't have the rally. We're not going to let you have the rally." And he's calling, this governor who was a political hack, he was a political hack, and then he became governor. And this is the guy that we're entrusting with millions of ballots, unsolicited ballots, millions and millions. And then we're supposed to win these states, and we have a guy that would do that where he won't let us have, and we call it a protest and therefore we can do it. But you want to know something? It's a disgrace. So who the hell is going to trust? They say, "Trust government." Well, how would you trust a guy that fought that we aren't here, that we can't have all these thousands of people? Boy, you are really back far. That's… Look at that. No, but seriously. And now he's in charge of the election and the millions of ballots. So if I'm up like millions of votes, he can rig the election, he can rig the election. And I'll tell you what, whether it's in North Carolina, whether it's in Michigan, whether it's in other states where they're sending out, they're going to be sending out 80 million ballots. And it's Democrats. They're trying to rig this election, at every single place in the last year, year and a half, go modern day, forget about… Tiny amounts, a congressional race in New York, a small number of votes. If you go to New Jersey, if you go to Virginia, if you go to Pennsylvania, if you go to California, look at some of these races, every one of these races was a fraud, missing ballots. And I don't mean like 1%. I mean like 20%, 25%, they're trying to rig the election. They should make people, if you register, if you want a solicited ballot, that's where you ask for it. You have to sign papers. You get it because you can't be there. That's one thing. When they send 80 million ballots to people, they have no idea where they're going. Actually, they probably do have a good idea where they're going, and that's our problem. They send 80 million ballots out. Where are they going? Who are they sending them to? Are they sending them to certain areas and not other areas? Are they sending them to Democrat areas? These are all controlled by Democrat governors, like your politically motivated governor. So, just to finish on that, look, just to finish on that, he's a guy that tried to silence us by not having this. And it ended up, our crowd turned out to be a lot bigger than NBC, which is owned by Concast. C-O-N, Concast. C-O-N-C-A-S-T, Concast. It's really Comcast, but I call it con because it's a whole con. I'll tell you what, in the old days, I think it should still be, news when they broadcast had to be reasonably accurate, right? And they had licensing. Today, they can do whatever the hell they want. It's fake news, and it's a disgrace. And you know what, back there, and I'll tell you, it's hurting our country. It's hurting our country. They're the biggest problem that this country has is the fake news media, worse than the Democrats, because the Democrats are their partners. They play together. Joe Biden spent the last 47 years selling out America, offshoring your jobs, throwing open your borders, depleting our military and sacrificing your children's future in China. I've spent the last four years bringing our jobs back to America, securing our borders, rebuilding our military and standing up to China like never before. Nobody has ever stood up to China like we have stood up to China, and you haven't seen the last of it. Sleepy Joe Biden, who surrendered, you know where he is now, he's in his damn basement again. No, he's in his basement. He's in his basement. But I can be bad to him because he put the most vicious ad on television that I've ever seen. Do you know what I'm talking about? Where I'm standing over the graves of our fallen warriors, our fallen heroes. These are great people, the greatest people there are, and I'm standing over there and they have some sleazebag reporter from a third rate magazine having some source quoting me saying, I won't even use the term, but saying bad things. And there's nobody that loves our military, respects it and the people more than me. And they took… And I didn't even ask. We had 25 people that were witnesses that are on the record already that have said that never took place. It never took place, what they said. And yet pathetic Joe, and he's a pathetic human being to allow that to happen. Here's the problem, he doesn't even know what happened, I don't think. I think he has no idea, but he's a pathetic human being to let that happen, where they put an ad like that, where I'm standing over graves. And then they said, "He said this," with no sources, no nothing. They got nothing. And I have 25 real witnesses with the names, with everything, saying it never happened. And they put an ad like that up, they're a disgrace. But you know the good part? Now I can be really vicious. I can be really vicious. And we'll start by saying, we're going to start by saying that the Democrats are trying to rig this election because it's the only way they're going to win. The only way they're going to win is to rig it. Biden's surrendered your jobs to China. Look, his son walked away with a billion and a half dollars, give me a break, give me a… His son's going to say, "Dad, you can't take this money away. Don't do it, Dad, please, I don't…" You know how much experience he had? There's a young man here, he's a very young, young man, handsome young guy. He's about like 12. You know what? He's got more experience than Hunter. Hunter. Where's Hunter? Where is he? With no experience, no knowledge of energy, no job, got thrown out of the military… You know he got thrown out, by the way. I used to be nice about that. Now I don't. Once I saw that ad, I don't have to be nice anymore. Okay, I really mean it. And by the way, on that ad, I know some horrible people, horrible human beings, some of the worst people in the world, I really do, they're horrible, none of those people, and they're the worst, the worst, real estate developers in New York, you don't get much worse. I know some of the worst people in the world, not one person do I know that would say that, standing on top of graves, of heroes, really, not one person. So I will tell you this, so now we can play it like it is. Let's face it, Joe is shot. Let's face it, okay? He's shot. So not that he has anything to do because he won't know what's happening. He'll just be locked up in a room someplace, and the radical left is going to be running our country. Four more years, four more years, four more years, four more years, four more years, four more years, four more years, four more years, four more years! Thank you. But now he wants to surrender our country to the violent left wing mob. You know that. If Biden wins, China wins. If Biden wins, the mob wins. You see what's going on with all these democratic or I always say Democrat-run cities and states. It's a disaster. It's a disaster. And we keep saying, "Let us bring in the troops." Well, we did it in Minneapolis, we ended it. In 45 minutes, it was ended. They went through two weeks. By the way, we could do it in Portland in half an hour. It would all be over. But we have these stupid people that think… How about that poor mayor? Is that pathetic, Wheeler, is that pathetic? They forced him out of his home. He's now finding a new home, it's so nice. It's pathetic. Honestly, it's pathetic. We could solve that problem in a half an hour, just like we did. And by the way, the US Marshals did a great job in Portland. They did a great job. You know what I mean. If Biden wins, the rioters win, the anarchists win, arsonists, flag burners, they all win. I'm running for reelection to bring prosperity to Nevada, to the whole country. I've been here a long time. I have some things in Nevada that are very good to put violent criminals behind bars and to ensure the future belongs to America, not to China. I do get a kick out of watching a guy, "Oh, I'm going to do this." He copied my whole plan. You see, he says, "Buy America," I said, "Where the hell have you been for the last half century?" Thank you. Could I ask the fake news to take your cameras and show all the way back there for hundreds of yards, all the way back there. Take your cameras. Go as far as the eye can see. No, no, tell NBC News it's not a thousand people. You can't see it. You can't see it down here. You won't believe how many people. That thing goes back… So the bottom line is when we win, America wins, that's what's happening. And nobody's done to China what I did. Look, billions, tens of billions of dollars of tariffs we took in. I gave $28 billion to farmers. The farmers are doing very well. They're doing very well. Thank you. Thank you, President Trump. 28 billion. 16 billion one year 12 billion. They were targeted. I said, "How much is it?" Sonny Perdue, Secretary of Agriculture, great guy, said, "How much were they hurt by?" "Sir, 12 billion two years ago and 16 billion last year." I said, "All right, good. We'll take it out of China." We gave them 28 billion, to the farmers. That never happened before. You think Joe Biden would even think about it? He wouldn't even think about it. He wouldn't even think about it. No, he's more worried about, does he have a teleprompter to answer a reporter's question. The worst part about that isn't the fact that he's doing that, because let's face it, he's unable, okay? It's not that, it's that the fake news would give him the questions. They never gave me the questions. Did you ever give me questions, back there? Did you ever give me… They don't give me questions. The fake news would give him questions, but of course now Donna Brazile works for Fox, so that's gone a long way. Remember? Remember when Donna Brazile gave crooked Hillary the questions, right? To a debate? And then she said, "Well, I don't think I did it. I don't remember." I knew she was in trouble when she said, "I don't remember doing that. I don't remember." She didn't remember. Oh, okay. Well, as long as you don't remember. It's true. It's true too. It's true. You know what, I used to stand back and I'd say, "Be quiet, please. Don't say that. It's really not nice." You know it's true. She deleted 33… Think of it. They'll never find the emails because they were acid washed, deleted. But you know what? She got a subpoena from the United States Congress, right? And she and her lawyer deleted 33,000 emails after she got a United States subpoena. And you say, "Why isn't she guilty of a major crime?" Right? And then she took her telephones and she smashed them with a hammer. Right? And then she took the other ones, and she deleted them. And now the Mueller scam, these people, the worst people. I have a friend, a very smart guy, very streetwise guy. He said, "You have to be the most honest guy in the world to go through three years of investigations, where they have the worst human beings in the world." They worked for the Democrats. They worked… I mean, Mueller didn't have a clue. This guy was totally… But look at this Weissmann, how bad was Weissmann? He deleted his phone. That's illegal. He deleted everything. They all deleted. And they all said, "Oh gee, we made a mistake. We're sorry." They all used the same mistake. They all made… It was, "Oh gee, we didn't mean to do that." Every one of them, all of them. I think it was 31 different phones, they deleted. These are criminals we're dealing with. And they've got to… There has to be a repercussion. There has to be a repercussion. We're dealing with criminals. So I don't care if you say it anymore because you know what? She illegally deleted, and her lawyers should go to jail with her, okay? And the fact is the Republican party doesn't play it rough and tough like those people, they don't play it the same way. They're too nice. And we have better policy. Thank goodness we have better… We believe in borders. We believe in no sanctuary cities. We believe in lowering taxes. We have better, but our people don't… We have some that are very good. Jim Jordan, good, right? Jim Jordan. Mark Meadows, good, right? No, we have some very good, but I'll tell you what, we play it so nice, and in the end it's not right because what they get away with… And Obama and Biden got caught spying on our campaign using the intelligence, I put that in quotes, using intelligence to spy on our campaign, and they got caught. They got caught. And if it was me that got caught, forget about it. But they got caught and somebody said, " Well I know, but he was President." Oh great, I'm President too. And a hell of a lot better President than he is, I can tell you that. Obama came into office, they gave him the Nobel Prize, like almost immediately, right? In fact, he didn't even know why he got it. He didn't even know, he had no idea why he got it. And he was right about that because nobody else does either. They still don't know, but we've done a lot of things. So we were nominated a few days ago for a Nobel Prize, which is a big thing. Nobel Peace Prize. And then yesterday we were nominated a second time for another Nobel Prize. Now, that's a big thing. To me, it's a big thing, even though obviously it's a very political thing, but it's a very big thing. The Nobel Peace Prize, right? I got, it was just reported. I'm just reporting this, I got zero time on the nightly news, on the network news. Zero, zero. We got zero time. Think of it, the President of your country is honored by being nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize, and your nightly news, ABC, which is terrible, CBS, which is terrible, and probably the worst of all owned by Concast, they spend a fortune on PR, and then every time I get up, I call them Concast and sort of wipe out their fortune. But they are bad people. But NBC is the worst of them all, not one mentioned. These people are corrupt. Not one mentioned, not one mentioned. So your President gets a Nobel and, at least a nomination, and they don't mention it. Joe Biden cannot lead our country because he doesn't really believe in our country. Right now, I don't think he believes in anything, he just wants to go to sleep. That's all. "Please, darling, I want to go to bed. I'm exhausted. I made one speech yesterday." "But darling, they gave you the answers and the questions." "I know, but that was a big strain because my eyes, I couldn't see the teleprompter." This guy is the worst. I am… And you know, it's going to maybe come back to haunt me because we have a rigged election. It's a rigged election. It's the only way we're going to lose, but I'll tell you what, he is the worst candidate in the history of Presidential… He is the worst candidate in the history of presidential politics. He doesn't know he's alive. He doesn't know he's alive. And I got to know President Xi of China very well, President Putin of Russia, Kim Jong-un. By the way, what happened to the war? I thought we was going to war with Kim Jong-un. Where's the war? Where's the war? Oh, I see. Oh, I see. It never happened, did it? Never happened, did it? Well, maybe some day, could happen. No, remember? "Trump is going to be … " You know my personality, right? "Trump is going to be a war at within the first week after he wins." Where's the war.?In fact, the peace prize was because I stayed out of wars, and by the way, ended certain Wars that could have happened that you don't even know about. And look what we did just yesterday in Europe, and look what we did with Israel, and you just saw that, with United Arab Emirates, and Bahrain. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Now, after this is over, you'll have like at NBC, this third-rate reporter stand up. They had a small crowd, a insignificant crowd, in a great location. You know how great it was? We landed, we had to drive for 50 minutes. That's how great. But I like it anyway. I'll take it. I'll take it anyway. I like it. You're my kind of people. We love each other. I like it. We landed the big, beautiful Air Force One. I just asked as we're coming in, "Why couldn't we have landed here?" I would have rather, then I could have had the plane right behind me. Instead, we have the beast. See the beast. What you don't know is the beast costs almost as much as the plane. It's a hell of a car. It's a walking army tank, the beast. But we could have. I said, "Why don't we just land here?" And we couldn't. So I get off the plane. Oh, good. "How long will it be?" "About 50 minutes." That's a long drive. And driving here, there were tens of thousands of people on the streets with flags. And then you read these fake reporters and they say, "President Trump is tied in Nevada, tied." I don't think so. The only way we're tied is if they screw around with the ballots, which they will do in my opinion. Okay? We're not tied anywhere. I asked some people that traveled with Obama. I said, "Was it the same thing?" They say, "Not even a tiny fraction of what you have." There's not even a fraction. We have more enthusiasm. We have more spirit than any campaign that anybody's ever seen. It's true. And that includes 2016, where the enthusiasm obviously was great. How about all those states that we weren't supposed to win? "No, he won't win there. He won't win there." Then all night long, "Donald Trump won the great state of Texas. Donald Trump won the great state of … " this and that, and one after another. Was that one of the coolest things, watching their people go crazy? They went crazy. No, they went crazy. How is he going to do in Georgia? Well, I think George is going to be very close. It's going to be very close. They go, "The polls in Georgia have closed. Donald Trump wins the state of Georgia." You know why? Because we won by so much, that they can do it simultaneously by saying, "The polls closed, and he won." We had many of them. Right? And by the way, we're doing great. I just had … Florida is a biggie, a good one. And we are winning in Florida by a lot, so that's good. A lot. I'll tell you here, because you don't read about that stuff. They don't like to write that. They don't like to write it. They have all fake polls. I'll tell you what, the polls are worse than the writing. Actually, in my opinion, the polls, they're suppression polls, they're meant to make people discouraged, Even me, I'm supposed to be discouraged. And fortunately, four years ago, we weren't discouraged, because if we would have believed the polls, nobody would have voted. The concept is really make people feel so that on election, they go, "Darling, let's go out to dinner. It's so sad about the president. I wish he was going to win, but let's go out to dinner. Then we'll come home. Let's not bother voting, right? Let's not bother voting." See, it's a suppression, but my people might don't get suppressed. My people go out and vote. My people go out and vote. There's no suppression. Phony polls. How about the guy? The New York times hired this pollster, this great genius. He never called one wrong. I don't know. Three, 46.. I don't know what the hell … It's called three 40 … What's his deal? 00. We were given a very tiny chance. What chance did he give us? Like 9%, something like that. You know, they gave him millions of dollars shortly before, because he never called one wrong. He called that one wrong. He called that one wrong. And this is the one … I mean, I must tell you they're a little more accurate. At least here they have us even in a lot of places. " He's even." Well, we're not even, we're not even. This is going to be the greatest victory. This is a more important election than four years ago, I'll tell you, more important. Because at no time before, has there been a clearer choice between two parties or two visions, two philosophies, two agendas for the future. There's never been anything like this. On November 3rd, Nevada will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity, like we had. We had the greatest economy in the history … not of our country, in the world. We were beating everybody. We were beating China. Remember, if you go back, some of you go back, if you go back 10 years, 15 years, five years, everything was … In 2019, China will overtake the United States as the largest economy. And that didn't work out too well for them. That didn't work out. We were just doing leaps and bounds. We were doing so great, and then we got hit with the plague, the China plague. And we're not thrilled. It's a disgrace. Nobody should have died. Nobody should have died. We got hit. The whole world got hit, but they stopped it from going into the rest of China. They stopped it from going into China, but they didn't stop it from coming into the US and Europe and 188 countries. So whether or not we allow Biden to impose the biggest tax increase in the history of our country, $4 trillion, or ban … He wants to ban energy, ban American … He wants to stop fracking. Hey, by the way, when he was running as a Democrat, in the worst debate performances I've ever seen. Okay? What do you think … He was unable to answer anything. Are you awake, sir? Sir, please wake up. And who was the worst? Who treated him the worst? Kamala. Kamala. She's another beauty. She started off as a favorite. She was at 15. Then she went down to 14, to 12, to 10. She was like a dropping rock in water. She was going down so fast. Then she went down to five and four and three, two, and then she said, "I got to get the hell out of here. This is getting embarrassing." And nobody treated him worse than Kamala. Right? She called him a racist. She called him everything. She was horrible to him. And he says, "She was Kamala. She's just great." Oh, yeah. These people, these people. You're supposed to choose the people that did well. She got out before Iowa, as I remember. Right? She didn't want to run in Iowa, and then Bernie got … Again, this guy is the greatest loser ever because- No, no. No, he's a good sport, Bernie, crazy Bernie. He's so crazy, but he's a good sport, because with Hillary, they really did. Do we have any young children here? I know it's on a lot of television. Could you turn the television off just for a minute, just for about three seconds? He got screwed. Right? Okay. Now you can turn it back on. But then they really did with this last one, because if Pocahontas, Elizabeth Warren, if she would have left the race one day before the big Super Tuesday, I mean, Bernie would have her philosophy, right? Liberals. And I would say, she'll be president. If he ever wants, she'll be president within the first month or so, I would say. I think it's just an excuse. Using him as just an excuse to get the super libs in there, so they can destroy our suburbs, demolish our Second Amendment, erase your borders and indoctrinate your children with poisonous, anti-American lies in school. So under my leadership, we built the greatest economy in the history of the world. And now we're doing it again. We're doing it again. You've seen the numbers. And we're developing a vaccine in record time. It will be ready before the end of the year and maybe much sooner than that. They're very unhappy about that. It's amazing. We have a couple of really great experts, one who's … We call him Dr. Scott. You know who I'm talking about? He's great. He said, this is the only time … They were grilling him on television, saying, "Well, the vaccine's going too fast." You know why that's too fast? Because they don't want it to happen before the election. He said, "This is the only thing in the world. I've never seen anything like it. Everybody wants a vaccine. And when we start getting it fast, because President Trump happens to be president … " and we've done this in record time, years ahead of schedule. If this was Sleepy Joe and Obama, you wouldn't have a vaccine for three years. But listen, he said, "This is the craziest thing." So you're going to have a vaccine quickly. Right? And everybody's upset about it. So now they're trying to hurt the vaccine. And they're trying to say as many bad … They know nothing about it, but they're trying to hurt it, and it's a shame. But he said it better than anybody I've heard. He said, "You're trying to hurt this country by saying bad things about the vaccine, because we're going to produce it early." It's the craziest thing. Think about it. Now, having a vaccine is good, but we're rounding the turn regardless. We're rounding the turn, and it's happening. I mean, it's happening. You see. Florida is way down. Texas is now way down. Arizona, governor's done a great job. All three governors have done a great job. And Louisiana now, they had a spike, but they had the spike, but the spike was able to be handled, because now we understand. And what we did, we saved millions of lives, because I hated to do it, but we had to close it up, understand this disease, and then open up again. And we opened, but we would have had 2 million, two and a half, or three million people. Think of it. We're at like around 180,000. One is too many. One, too many. But we would've had two and a half, three, three and a half million people. It would not have been acceptable, would not have been sustainable. We've done an incredible job. And these people that have done it with me, the ventilators, the vaccines, the therapeutics, these people … I mean the hospitals, the beds that we built, the ships that we sent to New York, the ships that we sent. To have an ungrateful governor in New York, Cuomo, to have an ungrateful governor. We sent him ships. We sent them ships. We sent them. We built a convention center with 2,800 beds, and he didn't use the beds for senior citizens. He hardly used the beds at all. He hardly used the ships at all. He said we did a phenomenal job, and now he gets political. He wants to get political with me. A real wise guy, but that's okay. You got to see what they are doing between him and de Blasio. That's a beauty. What they've done to my beautiful city. I love that city so much. What they've done is so horrible. The highest taxes in the land, crime all over the place. They're like 300% up in crime. We need Rudy to come out of retirement. But we're defeating the China virus. When Biden was vice president, he was a complete disaster on the swine flu, which was a much easier thing to handle. Joe Biden's own chief of staff said that when Biden managed swine flu in 2009, they quote, "Did every possible thing wrong." This is the guy that worked for him in charge of the swine flu. And 60 million Americans got H1N1 in a period of time. And it's just purely a … He said it was just … we were lucky. He said, "It's just lucky that there weren't great mass casualties." Different kinds of a disease, a little bit. And what he said is amazing. He said we did nothing right. This is the man that's going to tell us all about building ventilators. You think Joe is going to be able to build thousands of ventilators a month? Which now we're doing, and sending them to all these countries, all over the world, who have no hope of building ventilators, and they need them badly. So it's an amazing thing. The outbreak was so rampant that Obama-Biden, the administration, told States to stop testing immediately, and they ordered the CDC to stop counting cases because they looked like hell, okay? We didn't do that. By the way, the reason we show so many cases, because we have the best testing program in the world, by far, by far." Biden's record demonstrates that if he had been in charge when the China virus arrived, hundreds of thousands of more Americans would have died. As vice president, he presided over the worst and the weakest and the slowest economic recovery since the Great Depression. You've heard that before. It was the most pathetic recovery since the Depression. No state was hit harder by Biden's failure than Nevada. And I was out here and that right about that. You got hit hard. This is not the guy you want. But Biden wants to raise your taxes so high. He would eradicate your economy. He'd put on new regulations, and it wouldn't be him again. I'm going to keep saying it. It will be the people that control him. He's a puppet. And then he wants to do a complete shutdown. We're setting records. We just set a job record for four months, 10.4 million people. Listen to this. So when we had this pandemic worldwide, look, it's a terrible thing that a thing like this happened. People were saying we could go to 41, 42% unemployment. You know what we are now? 8.4%. I don't say that's … If you would have said that … And we have the strongest, highest stock market in history, so your 401ks are doing great. If he got in, we would have the greatest depression in the history of our country. I mean it. I think 1929 would look like good times. All right? Because he'd do everything wrong. He'd raise your taxes. He'd raised the hell out of interest rates. He'd do everything wrong. The Biden shutdown will permanently destroy the lives and dreams of tens of millions of Americans, inflict totally lasting harm on our children and lead countless deaths from suicide. Don't forget when you do these shutdowns, your state is shut down. You got a governor. You shut down, except if you have a riot. You're not shut down for riots. Riots, you can have, they can burn the hell out of the Strip. They can burn the hell out of Reno. They can do whatever the hell they want if it's a riot. But if you want to go to church, you can't do it. If you want to be in a group of people, you can't do it. But there's a lot of harm done on the other side. There's a lot of tremendous harm done. Remember, the cure can't be worse. Remember that. And on the other side, drugs, suicide, depression, substance abuse of different kinds, heart disease. You have tremendous problems on the other side. Open your schools, open up. We got to open up this state. And I guarantee you … And by the way, the states that are open are doing really well. They're doing much better than the ones that are closed. I don't know if you've been seeing the numbers. And this is just arithmetic. The states that are open are doing great. The states that are closed, North Carolina, what he's doing to that great state, he's got it locked down, shut down. Michigan, what she's doing. And we're trying to get Big 10 football by the way, but we won't even. Michigan, what she's doing to Michigan is unbelievable. Take a look at what they're doing to Pennsylvania. And here's another governor in charge of millions of ballots. So I'm going to win Pennsylvania, but what's he going to do with these ballots? Where are they going? Who are they sending? Who's sending it back? Who's signing? They don't even have to have an authorized signature in Nevada. Do you know that? They don't have to have … You don't have to have an authorized signature on a ballot? No. They're trying to rig an election, and we can't let that happen. I hope you're all going to be poll-watchers, I hope you are, because with you people watching the polls, it's going to be pretty hard to cheat. I'll tell you, I wouldn't want to be a cheater. They'll figure a way. No, they are. It's a very dangerous thing. It's a very dangerous thing, and I totally mean it. And I've been at it. And you see people. And by the way, it's not even politics. It's common sense. They said millions of ballots. People are getting ballots. People died and they're getting ballots. They're sending them to dogs. You see that? Dogs got ballot. Everybody's getting ballots. Probably everybody, but Republican are going to get the ballots. Right? And they're unsolicited. So when you say, solicited, because I like solicited better as a word than absentee. Absentee, nobody knows what the hell it's supposed to represent. It's not really a good definition. One is solicited, where you ask … You solicit the ballot. You want it, you sign papers. They send it to you. You send it back. It's okay. It's good. But unsolicited, where they take millions of ballots. So what happens? I happen to think the postal people are great, but what happens if one of the post guys, before he gives the ballots, he takes a whole handful and hands them to some Democrat political operative, right? And so, he hands him a thousand ballots, and the guy doesn't even have to … you don't have to have verification to do that. Now, here's the good news. We're in front of a court. And hopefully, the court's going to rule, because this is the greatest scam in the history of presidential politics. These people are … they've gone crazy. Biden and his party of liberal hypocrites want to lock law-abiding Americans in their homes, which is what they're doing. And they want to keep them out of church. They really do. They're fighting God, they're fighting guns, and they're fighting oil. Think of it. I don't think they'll do too well in Texas. Did you see where they said? "We think the race will be quite close in Texas, but the president has an edge." Listen, I'm in favor of oil and energy. I'm in favor of religion and God. Okay? And I'm in favor of our great Second Amendment, guns. So he's against our Second Amendment. Okay, you know who he'd put in charge. Beto, Beto. Or as he says is, "Beto, Beto." So when Beto was legit and then Ted Cruz beat him, and Ted did a very good job. I tell you, he did a great job. But Beto went totally south. He's gone crazy. So he now is a big gun guy. He wants to take guns away from everybody. So who did Biden put in charge? Beto. Remember Beto was interviewed in some magazine or third-rate magazine, most of them are, but remember? And Beto said, this was at the beginning before he got beat to hell. I said, "He thought this was easy, didn't he?" But remember when Beto said, "I was born for this." As soon as I hear somebody's born for running for president, I said, "He's out. That's the end of him." Nobody's born for this. This is tough stuff. I had a great life, I'll tell you. My life was so beautiful. What the hell did I do this for? But you know what? You know what? We are doing things that nobody's ever done before. And I say it all the time, and that's what makes me happy. We're dealing with very sick and very bad and evil people. But I'll tell you no administration in three-and-a-half years, no administration has done what we've done in the first three-and-a-half years. But they want to punish you for praying in church while they let agitators and arsonists burn your churches down. Look at Washington. They want to burn the churches down, and that's fine. But you want to go pray in church, they won't let you do that. Just last week, Biden proudly accepted the endorsement of pro-criminal, anti-police, Portland district attorney, who has a policy of releasing rioters, vandals, criminals, and violent extremists without any charges. No charges. Never saw anything. By the way, all of these places were talking about are Democrat- run, Chicago, New York, Portland, Seattle. The only reason Seattle got settled, because they knew we were going in. We told them, "we're going in tomorrow morning. We're going to open it up. We're going to take it." It would have taken us 20 minutes. So they sent people that night, because they didn't want to be embarrassed. But look at what we've done. And so, every place we've touched, we solved the crime, but they have to ask us. If they don't ask us, we're not supposed to do it, but maybe we do it anyway. And it usually takes anywhere from 25 minutes to … And it usually takes anywhere from 25 minutes to about one hour. Wasn't that a beautiful sight though in Minneapolis, right? They're burning the poor city down. I love that state. I think we have a chance of winning in that state, first time in many years for a Republican. They're burning Minneapolis. You don't think of Minneapolis that way, right? You don't think of it. The city is burning down. You have this fake CNN reporter, what's his name? Velshi, the nice shaved head. Maybe I should try that, should I try that? No, I don't think … " Donald Trump went down substantially in the polls, like about 40%. He showed up with a new haircut, it's called the shave head." Ali Velshi. And remember he said, "No, this is a friendly protest. It's a friendly protest. And it's really quite nice." And people are throwing bottles at him, he's being hit with tear gas. This is a friendly protest. And you look over his shoulder and the entire city was burning. Do you remember the scene? The thing looked like it was 30 blocks, it was just burning. And he's talking about, this is all fake news and nobody would have known. I knew it before I did it, but I never knew it to this extent. I never knew it to this extent. It is corrupt. It's fake and they shouldn't be allowed to do it. They shouldn't be allowed. These are far left lunatics that Biden selects to staff his government. There are policies Biden's pledged to apply nationwide. You're going to have the suburbs, they have a plan. It doesn't matter, it's a regulation, very horrible regulation for the … Does anybody live in the suburbs? Because if you don't vote for Trump in the suburbs, okay. Women that live in the suburbs. They say, "Oh, they don't like Donald Trump." I said, "I think they do." Remember last time, remember it's the same thing. No, it's the same thing. Remember, last time, four years ago, "Donald Trump will not do well with women." I said, "Why am I so bad? Donald Trump will not …" And then the votes started coming in. "He's doing very well, Jim, with women, I don't know what's going on." We did very well with women. We did well with everybody, we did well with everybody. But they have a regulation. And Ben Carson was fantastic, the head of HUD. I said, "Ben, they're going to destroy the suburbs." And they wanted Corey Booker to head that program. But the program was already doing damage. They were playing with the zoning so they could build projects in the suburb, projects in the suburbs. And I said, "We're going to end it." Somebody said, "Sir, let's just amend it." I said, "Nope, we got to end it. End it, I want to end it. I don't want to have a lesser version." But if he gets in, they will open up that whole program. They're going to open it up on steroids. They're going to open it up to a level that you wouldn't have believed possible. And he will drive you out of the suburbs. He will drive you out of the … he'll drive you out of everything. They're open up their … I call it the suburban destruction program because that's what they've done. And it's been a horrible program. It's been very unfair to people with the American dream. And let me just tell you something. 30% of the people that live in the suburbs are minorities. They're Hispanic, they're Black, they're Asian, it's the American dream. And they want the American dream and they don't want that to happen. That's why I'm doing so well with African American, with Asian American, with Hispanic American and with women. But don't let them ruin the suburbs because they will put that regulation back immediately, immediately. And don't let them ruin the suburbs because the suburbs are a special place. The suburbs are the American dream. That's where everyone aspires to and that includes minorities and everybody. Don't let them ruin the suburbs. And with that comes tremendous crime. And I was talking the other day, "Darling, somebody just moved next door. Who is it? It's a representative of Antifa." She will look at her husband, say, "Darling, we're out of here. We're out of here." Antifa. Remember they were trying to blame other people. They don't like to mention the name Antifa. I said, it's Antifa and I was right. I was right. They're bad people. And you know what, they have to pay a price for the damage and for the horror that they've caused, they have to pay a price. And it's so easy. It's so easy. A lot of them now are wealthy. They're like these wealthy, spoiled kids that have no clue about life. They've got arms that are about this big but they were heavy jackets with lots … and you look and you say, "Oh, that guy looks tough." And then the jacket comes off and you see these two little … And they go home and they live in a basement too, their mom and dad's basement. But Biden's plan is to appease domestic terrorists and my plan is to arrest domestic terrorists. Joe Biden is a weak person. He does whatever his left wing, puppet masters demand, you know that. Look, Joe doesn't know what's going on, you know that. I mean, let's be nice about it, okay. And I'm being nice when I say it. He'll never be able to protect your family, your loved ones or your community. If Biden's elected his radical supporters won't just cause mayhem on the streets like you're seeing, all Democrats. We could solve it so fast. Chicago, a few weekends, think of it, 72 people shot, this is shot. Somebody said, "You mean with bullets?" I said, "Yeah, with bullets." 18 people died. Now we're pulling our troops out of Afghanistan, out of Iraq, you see what's happening. But let me tell you but we don't … there's nothing like that over there. They don't have 18 people killed or 12 people in a short period of time. Well, you have 70 people shot, where you have another weekend where they had, I think a few weekends ago, 38 people have been shot in Chicago. I said, 38? It's not even believable. And now when these people say it, they make it … they try and play it down. And you're sitting there, I said, "Did I just see 38 people were shot?" It's just a terrible thing. And it could all be stopped. It could all be stopped so quickly. But they have to respect law and they have to have order. Law and order. But these radical lefts will be running the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security and the United States Supreme Court. And you see what's going on there. If we don't … The next president, hopefully it's going to be us, not me, us, but the next president is going to have one, two, three or four Supreme Court justice. It's just, you know, just that time, right? Just that time, going to be a minimum of one, I would say, but it will be a one, two, three or four. And that's going to change the whole makeup of the Supreme Court. That's going to take away your guns. That's going to destroy your second amendment. That's going to change the whole rationale thinking on so many different subjects like you wouldn't believe, including by the way, life, okay. Life, pro-life, anybody pro-life here? No, this is going to change the makeup of this country for 50 years. I don't know that the country will survive 50 years, if that happens, it might not survive five years if that happens. But the next president and you saw, I put out a list of an additional number of very conservative, highly thought of, highly respected judges. And they are the only people that I will pick. Meaning the first list, the second list, it's about 44, 45 people. They are the only people that I will consider for the Supreme Court of the United States. And I'm asking Joe Biden to do the same thing, but he can't because he's got a bunch of radical left maniacs that they want to put on the court. And nobody can get elected, not even with Democrats, rational Democrats, will they vote for some of these people to be on. So far he's refused to do it. I'm probably forcing him tonight to do something, but he should put out a list of his judges so that you know where you stand. Biden supports cutting police funding, you know that, abolishing … and by the way, did you see, we just got Chicago police today endorsed Trump. That's not easy to do. Chicago. New York's finest, New York's finest endorse, Florida, Ohio, Texas. We have everybody. Is there a police officer in the country, if there is, they'll do a commercial. This officer loves sleepy Joe Biden, he's so tough on crime. So Biden's been going down very rapidly in the polls. And now what he's doing is he's playing tough guy, that he's tough on crime. And all of a sudden, he goes from demolished, demolish and defund, okay? But he goes from, let's not give the police any money. Let's not even say defund for him. His people want to defund the police. They actually have places, Seattle, they actually don't want to have police. Minneapolis, they don't want to have police. They don't want to have police. What's going to happen? You saw the commercial we put up. A woman's being murdered. "I'm sorry. We cannot take your call right now. We will call you back within the next 24 hours." A woman's being raped, right? "I'm sorry. We could not respond right now because we have been defunded, but we will try getting there within the next week." This is what you're going to have. I mean, that was a strong commercial. It had a big impact, but this is what you're buying with a guy like this. This guy you're going to have Portland's all over this country. And we can't allow that to happen. "Not here," he says, "Not here in Nevada." Well with your governor, it could happen here too, I can tell. They want to abolish bail. So they want to abolish cash bail like they did in New York. They release people, the horrible criminals in New York, they release them, no cash bail. And he calls law enforcement, Biden called law enforcement the enemy. They're not the enemy. They're our friends. They're our great friends. And without them, we wouldn't be here. Here in Nevada rioters burned the city hall in Reno. Does anybody know that? Do you know that? That's not a pleasant sight. How did you allow that to happen? I would've thought you people would've gotten out there, like, "You're not going to burn our city hall." And during the violent demonstrations in Las Vegas a 29- year-old police officer, you know about this, was deliberately shot in the head while he was doing his job, a vicious criminal left, he was a left person, a left. He was a real left, all right. And the, the young officer as you know, he's a young, brilliant, young guy and he's totally paralyzed. Unlike Biden, while I'm President of the United States, I will always stand with the heroes of our law enforcement. And on November 3rd, you will save America. You're talking about saving America. We cannot let this happen to our country. Because I don't know if you can ever come back from what will happen, including our Supreme Court. We're joined tonight by our terrific Republican congressional nominee, who has my complete and total endorsement. Jim, where you Jim? Jim Marchant, Jim Marchant, where are you? A lot of people out there, Jim, it's not easy. Are you doing well? I just looked at a very solid poll. Jim Marchant is a great guy and hopefully he's going to win and you're going to carry them over and you need it, you need it. Thank you, Jim. And also to a man that should have been governor. He should have been governor, what happened? I don't know what happened. Nevada Attorney General, he's a great guy, Adam Laxalt. And he's watching very closely. And I'll tell you, Adam, please, he's a great lawyer, a great talent. And he's going places but you have to watch. He just said, our next governor. I believe that's true. You have my endorsement, but I will tell you this, Adam, if you could, because you're doing a fantastic job watching, watch all these votes coming in on the ballots, the unsolicited ballots. Will you watch it, please? Okay, all right. All right, James Settelmeyer. Where's James? James, look at James, whoa. Look at the size of James, I want you protecting me, James. James is good. You're doing well, I saw a good poll for you too. I think we're all doing well. I think we're all doing well, it's like a family. Thank you James very much. All of you guys, thank you very much. A woman who did a fantastic job, she headed up Michigan. We won Michigan, the first time in decades, Republicans won. She was horrendous, she kept calling me, "Sir, one more speech, please come over. Okay, I'll do one more, Ronna, Ronna McDaniel. I'll do one more, Ronna, one more." I do the speech, two days later, I get a call. "One more, sir. We need one more." But we ended up winning Michigan, first time in decades. Ronna McDaniel, Ronna. She was great. And I said when I won, I said, "Well, who are we going to put at the RNC?" That's Republican National Committee, who we're going to put? And I said, " How about that woman that ran …" She was so tough. I said, "How about the woman that ran Michigan that we won, first time in so many years?" So thank you, Ronna, great job you're doing, we appreciate it. And another man is doing a fantastic job, who's been a friend of mine for a long time, your GOP chair, Michael McDonald. Michael, great job, Michael. Thank you, Michael. Thank you, Mike. How are we doing, Michael? Are we leading, I hope? Okay. I hear we're doing well. Be careful of the ballots, that's the only way we're going to lose. Can't have this happen to our country. And also here are several really great members of a terrific association and they like Trump a lot, the Nevada Trucking Association. Where are they, Nevada Trucking? Nevada Trucking, thank you, thank you. Thank you, fellas, thank you very much. Great job, we appreciate it very much. Those roads are going to get very nice. They're already starting. Tonight our hearts are with all of the communities in the West battling devastating wildfires. I'm going there the day after tomorrow. I'm staying in your state tonight, but I'm going to be going to California. Spoke to the folks in Oregon, Washington, they never had anything like this, but it is about forest management. Please remember the words, very simple, forest management, please remember. It's about forest management and other things but forest management. My administration is closely coordinating with state and local leaders and we want to thank the more than 200,000 people that are working on it and 28,000 firefighters and first responders who courageously and bravely are fighting out there. They are fighting and it's dangerous, it's dangerous. It's rapidly spreading, hundreds of thousands of acres, it's not been anything quite like this one. We spent the last four years reversing the horrible damage Joe Biden inflicted over the past 47 years. Think of it, he's been there 47 years. And he always says, "Well, why didn't you do this? Why did …" The guy just really in all fairness, I've been here three and a half years. So it's not like they haven't been here. He was a vice president for eight years and he only did one thing good. He treated Obama good. I was going to say something else, but they would have scolded me. That's exactly what I was going to say, but I didn't. It's better than you say it. Do you want to shout it out? Go ahead, shout. That's what I said, that's what I was … thank you very … This can only happen in Nevada. And we pass record tax cuts and regulation cuts to keep the family farms and ranches in the family. Nobody even knows this. We virtually eliminated the unfair estate tax, also known as the death tax. Does anyone have a small farm, medium-sized farm or business? Anybody? If you want to leave it to your children, you don't have to pay tax now because of Trump. I always say it and I mean it, if you like your children, it's great. If you don't like your children, it doesn't mean a damn thing, don't leave it to them. I ended the administrations … and if you look at that last administration, what they were doing on American energy, what they were doing, and now we are the world's number one energy producer by far and we are energy independent. How about your gas prices? That's not too bad, right? You didn't think you'd ever see those prices, those under two dollar prices, did you? Thank you President Trump, I appreciate it, sir. Biden has pledged to abolish the production of American oil and shale and clean coal and natural gas, and he wants to ban fracking, right? So he's in these debates with the other people and they're just eating him alive. He did his best debate against crazy Bernie and I got to ask, why did he get better, all of a sudden? What happened? Why, do you have any idea why? I think I know. Why did he get better all of a sudden? But he did his last event, but he was so bad. And he raised his hand, no fracking. "There will be no fracking under my administration," he said. And you know why I add the word, he said, because they will take what I said and they will put it as a commercial. There will be no fracking under my administration, they'll have me saying that. That's how dishonest these people are. So I always have to add something because … but even then sometimes they'll cut it off at the end. But he said, there'll be no fracking under my administration. Now, all of a sudden he goes to Pennsylvania and his polls aren't looking very good because they do big fracking. And he goes to Texas and he goes to Oklahoma and he goes to North Dakota and he goes to all these places. It's not looking so good. All of a sudden he says, "I have nothing against fracking. What are you talking about?" But always follow their first instinct because the first instinct is what is going to happen. And he has to, because he signed … he has a manifesto. I call it the manifesto with Bernie and AOC plus three, all these crazy people. And it's a manifesto and it reads far worse than anything Bernie Sanders ever said. I thought he'd take what Bernie did and move them somewhat to the right. No, he took what Bernie said and they moved way further left. It's the craziest thing I've ever seen. But follow the original statements because that's what's going to happen. And they cannot … you know solar, I like solar, but solar is very expensive and it doesn't have the power to fire up our massive plants. We have big plants, including in this great state and you can't fire them up with this stuff. You can't fire it. We need the strength because we're competing against a lot of nations and they don't go through what we do. They don't care about the air and they should, and they should, which is another problem. I took you out of that crazy Paris Climate Accord, because it was totally disaster. No, it was a way of hurting the United States. I tell you, we would have had a close 20, 25% of our factories in order to even … it was so crazy, so expensive but I took you out. I was surprised people, most people, they appreciate what I did. Because you think it was easy doing that? It was actually, I thought it would be devastating. I got one day of bad press, after that, everybody forgot about it. It wasn't that bad. But I did the right thing for our country and we want to have our great plants working. We want to have our great plants fired up. They said manufacturing jobs are dead, right? Sleepy Joe said, "I'm going to bring back manufacturing." Really? Well, Obama said, you'd need a miracle to bring back manufacturing. I brought back 650,000 jobs. He said you'd need a miracle. And now sleepy Joe is saying that, no, no, no. I've got to bring back … He's not going to bring back anything. I made history by signing an executive order making the official policy of the United States government to buy American and to hire American. Now I did this long time ago. And then I see a sign in front of Joe right here, right here, it said, buy American. Oh great, Joe, thanks, Joe. Where have you been for 47 years? Because for 47 years, Joe Biden did the opposite. He crushed the dreams of American workers and enriched foreign countries. That's how China happened. Hey, look what I've done. I've taken billions, tens of billions of dollars out of China. Nobody else did it before me, I mean, no other president. In all fairness, in all fairness to Obama and Biden, I call him, Obiden because it's easier, Obiden. In all fairness to Obiden, I mean, they didn't do any of that. But now I see buy American. Hey, he also copied on the pandemic. Did you see he copied everything I was doing? Except one thing, he wouldn't have closed the country to China so hundreds of thousands of people would have died from that. But two months, two and a half months later, he admitted that I was right. Thank you very much, Joe, I appreciate it. And yesterday he made, I think he made a mistake. Well, what do you think, the USMCA, what's better that or NAFTA? Well, no, the USMCA is better. Was that Jake Tapper? I like Jake Tapper, was that … I don't think he was doing … I don't think he likes me too much, but that's okay. They said what's better, they said, what's better. He goes, "USMCA. Well, that's the deal that Trump made. Oh, it is? Oh." That's a great deal we made. We took the horrible NAFTA deal. We got rid of the NAFTA. We got rid of TPP. We got rid of that terrible, terrible South Korea deal, which Hillary Clinton said, will produce 250,000 jobs. She said, this will produce 200 … she made it. Hillary, crooked Hillary. She made it, no wait, she said it's going to produce 250,000 jobs. And she was 100% right, it produced 250,000 jobs for South Korea, not for us. It produced 250,000 jobs for South Korea. Not for us. South Korea did very well with that deal, but I changed that deal a lot. That's now a good deal. Earlier this year, I kept my promise to American workers. When we ended the NAFTA nightmare and signed the brand new USMCA Mexico-Canada Agreement into law. You're not going to see companies leaving for Mexico very much anymore. They're not going to be leaving your community, going to Mexico, making a product, selling the product back in, not being taxed at the border. Doesn't work that way anymore. It's probably the biggest reason I ran for president if you want to know that… and these stupid, endless wars. I saved the Uni-… but that's one of the reasons Washington doesn't like me. They love those endless wars. You got to ask them, "Why?" Do you ever watch where they're very critical of me. I mean, "We don't like him on foreign policy." Really? Look what I've done. Look what I've done. Israel… We're signing deals all over the place. These guys that are lecturing all the time, they don't have a clue. They're clueless. They were clueless. That's why for 40 years you got nothing except blood in the sand. That's all you got. Blood in the sand. I saved the US auto industry by withdrawing from last administration's job-killing Trans-Pacific Partnership. I took the toughest ever action to stand up to China's rampant theft of American jobs. They don't like me too much. Joe Biden's agenda is, "Made in China". My agenda is, "Made in the USA". That's the way. For the last four years, I've been delivering for our incredible Hispanic… I love a Hispanic community. Oh, there was a poll today. Did you see it? Did you see the poll? Oh, this was a biggie. They had a poll today that with the Hispanic voter, they call them Latino, Hispanic. They use different terms. To me, I just loved the people. I don't care, but let me just… Did you see it? Trump is leading Biden with the Hispanic community. Trump is leading Biden. Well, Hispanics like tough people. They like people that are going to produce jobs. They like… And by the way, the Hispanics understand the border better than anybody else. They're better than anybody else. No, but we're being… you know, it's unusual that a Republican would be leading a Democrat, not… it's habit. You know what the problem is, it's habit. But the Hispanics get it. And we're leading with the Hispanic community. And that's because you had the lowest job numbers in the history of our country. You had the best home ownership. Every statistic was the best. And now we're doing it again, except we're doing it very rapidly. Remember 8.4%. We could have been at 44%, if stupid people ran it, 8.4%. I'm fighting for school choice, safe neighborhoods, low taxes and regulations on Hispanic-owned, small businesses. We're fighting. You know, the Hispanic-owned, small businesses, they're great business people. I know it from being in business. They were very tough. They were great business people and they get it. They get it like very few people get it. I'm also standing up for religious liberty. Joe Biden would be… So Joe Biden would be a disaster for all communities, not just the Hispanic communities, pledged to wage attacks on Catholic organizations, like the Little Sisters of the Poor that we're helping. And we're winning with them. We're helping them. They got hit so hard by Oh Biden. They got hit so hard. I remember them in the Supreme Court, the Little Sisters of the Poor. They get hit by Biden. And then he says, "How wonderful." He's such a wonderful person. He supports taxpayer-funded, extreme, late-term abortion. And I mean, ninth month, ninth month, ninth month. And he'd allow violent mobs to burn down your business. And he would hand your country over to the socialists. But I believe it's worse than socialists. I do. I think it's a step worse than socialist. And it starts with a C. That is why we're going to win a record share of the Hispanic vote in November. So important. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. It's so important. We're bringing it back very fast. I think next year is… Next year, I believe will be as good or better than the year we had last year. Unless somebody comes in and decides to quadruple your taxes, then I can't. Then all bets are off, but we're going to have… We're lowering taxes. He's raising taxes. We're going to have tremendous growth. Joe Biden's party continues to attack our incredible border agents. They're incredible people, more than half of whom happen to be Hispanic-Americans. Did you know that? I know all of them. "Jose, how you doing?" "Juan, how you doing?" Every sixth time, I'd say, "Hello, Jim, how are you?" These extraordinary patriots deserve our admiration, gratitude and respect, not Joe Biden's contempt. He's got contempt for these people that are so great and brave. That's a tough job. My administration's achieved the most secure border in American history. We ended the catch and release disaster. Remember you'd catch somebody, "What's your name?" "I don't know." "What's your address?" "I don't know." "Okay. Go into our country. That's okay." You couldn't arrest anybody. We ended it, stopped asylum fraud and we've deported over 20,000 gang members, including MS13 and over a half a million criminal illegal aliens. Now think about it. Think of that number. Think if you at a half a million people spread throughout the country that were criminal, illegal aliens. Some of these are very violent people and we get them the hell out. We're stopping human trafficking, protecting the victims, most of whom are women, most of whom are women. Human trafficking because of the internet that's a tremendously big and horrible business. These are the worst human beings of all. But most of the victims are women, children to a much lesser extent, but women and human traffickers. And you know what made it that way is the internet. Who would think? It almost sounds like an ancient crime. It's not. It's very modern because of the internet because of the computer. And it's a horrible thing and we've stopped so much of it. We have an incredible group of people that go after these animals. And we built now over 320 miles of border wall and are adding 10 new miles a week. And the wall will very soon be finished. It'll be finished. We've invested $2.5 trillion in the US military. We've rebuilt our depleted… It was a depleted military. Now we have the newest, we have the best we've ever had and launched the first new branch of the United States Armed Forces in nearly 75 years, the US Space Force. And we did things that people said couldn't be done. After 52 years, we passed VA Choice in VA Accountability and 91% of our veterans now approve of their VA care. They think it's doing great. The fact is I did more in 47 months as president than Joe Biden did in 47 years. It's true. It's true. I withdrew from last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal. We killed the founder and leader of ISIS, al-Baghdadi. We eliminated the world's number one terrorist and mass murderer of American troops, Qasem Soleimani. He's dead. He's gone. Biden voted for the Iraq War. He opposed the mission to take out Osama bin Laden. He opposed killing Soleimani. He oversaw the rise of ISIS and he cheered the rise of China as a very positive development. Oh, really? Tell me about it. Tell me about it. Not too positive. Joe Biden has been on the wrong side of history for 47 years. In fact, the secretary of state, secretary of defense said about him, "He's never called it right. He never called it right." If we had listened to Joe, hundreds of thousands more Americans would right now have died. When the virus arrived, we launched the largest national mobilization since World War II. You know that, especially with ventilators and equipment and masks and shields. We're delivering life-saving therapies that have achieved among the lowest case fatality rates of any major country in the world. And you don't hear that from the fake news. Europe's excess mortality rate is 24% higher. And these are statistics that come from people that do this stuff, right? This is not done by my secretary. 24% higher than the United States and despite their punitive lockdowns, they're once again seeing a spike. They're seeing a big spike in cases over there. They did the heavy lockdowns, just like you're doing right here. And they're seeing a spike. And there's no reason for that. The United States has experienced the smallest contraction of any major Western nation. Think of that. And by far, the fastest recovery. And if they wrote about it properly, it would be a proper thing, a proper thing to do. Through our historic relief programs, we've saved more than half a trillion Nevada cops and jobs and all of this yet. So many people going out. We've saved 42,000 Nevada businesses. Think of that. Biden would terminate this comeback. He wants to end it. He would terminate this comeback. He would put your families in danger. He will totally destroy Social Security. And in my opinion, if you look at what he's going to do to Medicare, they will destroy Social Security. They will. You called it. You know what you're talking about? Exactly, right. He's going to massively raise your taxes. Reimpose crippling federal regulations, destroy your Social Security and destroy protections for pre-existing conditions. He's going to destroy that and decimate your 401ks and retirement savings and stocks. Your stocks are going to go down like you never saw anything go down before. He'll obliterate your Second Amendment. He'll give you… And he would, he would give free… He wants to give free healthcare to illegal aliens that will bankrupt Medicare. He wants to give… You saw him raise his hand. Remember the debate where they're all standing there and he looked around, "Who's going to give free healthcare to illegal aliens?" And everyone's raising hands. He's going, "Oh…" Now take a look. I'm not kidding. It's sad. It's pathetic. He would end our travel bans on jihadist regions and increase refugee admissions 700%, opening the flood gates to terror-afflicted nations. You understand that. He'll establish a national sanctuary city policy for criminal, illegal aliens. He loves sanctuary cities, meaning the people that control him love sanctuary cities. Biden, pledges to oppose school choice. And he has stated that if he is elected charter schools are "gone". They're gone. In the second term, and we've already started it very heavily, I will provide school choice to every parent in America. A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs and a limitless future for all Americans. Instead of letting Washington change us, despite all that we've been through and we've been through more than any president has ever been through with these characters and they're falling one after another. But you do notice that I hope. One after another. Oh, I see the phones have been wiped out. I wonder what that's all about, but that's a criminal thing you did. We are changing Washington. We are changing Washington. Never forget that they're coming after me because I am fighting for you. And it's true. Over the next four years to conclude, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world. And we will end our reliance on China once and for all. We will make our medical supplies right here in the United States. We will rapidly return to full employment, soaring economies and a record prosperity, even greater than last year. We will hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement, surge federal prosecutors into high crime communities and ban sanctuary cities. We will appoint prosecutors, judges, justices, and believe… We will believe in enforcing the law. We want law and order. We have to have it. We will ensure equal justice for citizens of every race, color, religion, and creed. We will defend the dignity of work and the sanctity of life. We will uphold religious liberty, free speech and the right to keep and bear arms. We will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens and we will keep America out of endless foreign wars. And we are bringing our troops home as we speak tonight. We will maintain America's unrivaled military might and we will ensure peace through strength. We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency. It's already signed, starts on January 1st. I don't want anyone to… I know ours is a big deal. I don't want Sleepy Joe to take care of… Can you imagine? I'll be watching. "Prices have dropped substantially all throughout the country because of price…" And I'm the one that got it done. And he'll say, "What did I do? What did I do? How did this happen?" And we'll further reduce health insurance premiums and the cost of prescription drugs. We just did favored nations. We're going to come down to the lowest price anywhere in the world because we did a favored nations clause. You know what that is? We will… The drug companies don't exactly like me too much. They're spending millions of dollars on negative commercials. Please understand when you see those commercials, it means your drug prices are coming down. We will strongly protect Medicaid and Social Security, which they will give up. And we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions and America will land the first woman on the moon and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our schools. And we will teach our children to love our country, honor our history and always respect our great American flag. And we will live by the timeless words of our national motto, "In God We Trust." For years, you had a president who apologized for America. Now you have a president who is standing up for America and standing up for the people of Nevada. So very importantly, get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your coworkers and get out and vote on November 3rd. From Carson City to Elko, from Las Vegas to Reno and from Clark County to right here in Douglas County, we stand on the shoulders of red-blooded American patriots who poured out their heart, sweat, and soul to secure our liberty. They want to secure our liberty. Think of it and defend our freedom. Nevada was founded by pioneers and prospectors, miners and cowboys, innovators and trailblazers, tough people, great people who tamed the frontier, raised up the mighty Hoover Dam, lit up the brilliant lights of the Vegas Strip and transformed a sprawling desert into a shining oasis. So true. Our American ancestors made this into the greatest nation ever to exist on the face of the earth. And we are making it greater than it ever has been. We are making it greater than ever before. We are making it greater than it's ever been. Proud citizens like you helped build this country and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working. We're going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And together with the incredible people of Nevada, we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again and we will make America great again. Thank you very much.
Thank you very much. Thank you, Minnesota. This is a great state. We are going to win this state in a very short period of time. Thank you. This feels like the day before the election. So we have 20,000-plus people inside. We just set a new record. And we have 25,000 people that we still love, outside. And close to 100,000 people wanted to come tonight. Thank you all. This is great. This is really great. Thank you. I want to thank our great vice president, Mike Pence, and Karen Pence, for being here tonight. It is great to be back in the Twin Cities with the freedom-loving American patriots who make our country run. You know that. You know it. For the next 13 months, think of that, it seems like yesterday, for the next 13 months, we are going to fight with all of our heart and soul, and we are going to win the great state of Minnesota in 2020. America now has the number one economy anywhere in the world, and it's not even close. You know I'm dealing with China right now. They're in Washington. We're going to see if we make a deal. But they want to make it. We're going to determine whether or not we want to make it. But they've been very nice. And today I got a call from one of the top representatives, he said, "Congratulations, Mr. President, on having a truly great, great economy." That's pretty nice. We picked up, since the election, trillions of dollars in value. And China has lost trillions of dollars in value. I will say this, if our opponent had won that election, you know what would have happened? Right now China would become the … It would be the number one economy anywhere in the world. And right now I can tell you they're not even close. Our country is stronger than ever before because we are proudly putting, for the first time in a long time, we are putting America first.  cops love Trump, Trump loves cops. Our bold pursuit of this pro-American agenda has enraged, and you know what's happened, it's enraged the failed ruling class in Washington. Not easy to get them out, but we're doing it slowly, but surely. These corrupt politicians and the radical leftists got rich bleeding America dry. And they knew that my election would finally end their pillaging and looting of our country. And that's what they were doing. And that's what they continue to try and do. That is why, from day one, the wretched Washington swamp has been trying to nullify the results of a truly great and democratic election, the election of 2016. They're trying. They're not getting very far. They want to erase your vote like it never existed. They want to erase your voice. And they want to erase your future. But they will fail, because in America, the people rule again. Do you remember that, just 19 minutes after I raised my hand and took the oath of office, The Washington Post, a terrible newspaper that doesn't know how to write the truth, published a story, and in this case, they might've gotten it pretty correct, they said, "The Campaign To Impeach President Trump Has Begun." That was the headline. Little did we know they weren't playing games. Think of that. That was 19 minutes after the oath of office. Months earlier, Peter Strzok, remember, he and his lover, Lisa Page. What a group. "She's going to win 10 million to one. She's going to win. I'm telling you, Peter. I'm telling you, Peter, she's going to win. Peter. Oh, I love you so much." "I love you, Peter." "I love you too, Lisa. Lisa, I love you. Lisa, Lisa, oh God, I love you, Lisa. And if she doesn't win, Lisa, we've got an insurance policy, Lisa. We'll get that son of a bitch out. We got an insurance policy." And we're living through the insurance policy. That's what it is. The phony Russia hoax. " Lisa, I love you." Now the do-nothing Democrat con artists and scammers are getting desperate. 13 months, they got to move fast, because they're not beating us at the polls and they know it, despite the phony polls that you see all the time, their phony polls. You know, polls are no different. Remember I always used to talk about polls, I know polls very well. Polls are no different than crooked writers. They're crooked polls. They're crooked polls. No different. Boy, that's a lot of media. Look back there. That's a lot of media. They are so dishonest. And frankly, they are so bad for our country. They are so bad. And they could be so good for our country. They could be so good. And maybe they'll change, and maybe they won't. I've been waiting for a long time. After I won the last election, I said, "Finally it's okay. Finally I'll get some great press." They got worse. They got worse. I said, "Finally, we're going to get …" I said to the first lady, "Darling, we're going to finally get respect. We're going to finally get media and press coverage. It's going to be great. Look at what we've done." And I'm telling you, they did, they got worse. They know they cannot win. You understand. Well, if you didn't understand, honestly, there's no way anybody could win, because you'd believe them. If you believe them, there's no way anybody could … Because it's like 94% … I can do the greatest things in history, and they'll make them bad to very bad. And if I do a neutral, something neutral, it worked out okay, not great, it's like, "Give him the electric chair. That was terrible." Right? No, this is the worst. These people and the Democrats, they're partners. It's a partnership. How about on the newscast, like the word "manufactured," it's manu… And every newscast, "Tonight, in a manufactured deal along the border …" The word's never been used … All of a sudden every newscast is using it. It's a talking point given to these fakers by the Democrats. So they know they can't win the 2020 election, so they're pursuing the insane impeachment witch hunt. I've been going through it now for more time than I've been in office. Because, like Strzok with his insurance deal, this was before, remember this, this was before, that statement was made months before I took office. That statement was made months before the election took place. They said, "Just in case, we're going to have an insurance policy." That only means one thing, "We're going to get him out." So they're telling us. We can't let that ever happen again to another president. And Rush Limbaugh, Sean Hannity, a lot of people, the great Mark Levin. We have a lot of great people. Lou Dobbs, great people. You know what they said? Every one of them, plus many others, "There's no other man that we've ever met that could have taken it." It's true. Maybe I'm a little different up here. I don't know. But I enjoy it. To me, I'm energized because we're draining the swamp. The Democrats' brazen attempt to overthrow our government will produce a backlash at the ballot box the likes of which they have never ever seen before in the history of this country. These are bad people. My phone call, as an example, with the president of Ukraine, was perfect. Everybody that looked at it. And the only reason I released it was that the Democrats put out a phony narrative. So I had no choice. And I don't want to do that as president, every time a president from a country calls me, or I call them, we have to release the text. How can you do business that way? Who's going to want to speak to your president? So the president of Ukraine reiterated today at a major news conference, on other subjects, that he was under absolutely no pressure. He doesn't even know what they're talking about. And he used the word, there was no "blackmail" during this call. He used that term. So in theory, that should be the end of it. Think of it, a president of the United States who's made our economy, with a lot of help from all of you, frankly, but from Mike and from some of our great senators and some of our great people that we have with us, we made this the strongest economy in our history. We've rebuilt our military. We're taking care of healthcare like nobody's been able to do. What we've done is incredible. And by the way, we're protecting your Second Amendment. If you don't have me, your Second Amendment is gone. So we have the greatest economy, the greatest military. We've rebuilt our military, $2. 5 trillion, because when I took it over, it was a mess. And what do they want to do? "Let's impeach our president," right? I don't think so. I don't think so. I think we're going to have a turnout the likes of which we've never seen in the history of our country. So we were really forced, just to put it away, we were forced. I said, "Just do it." Got the approval from Ukraine. I have to ask. I said, "Hey, do you guys mind?" They said, "That's a strange request." I said, "Don't worry about it. Do you mind?" And they said, "Please, go ahead. Nothing was said wrong on that call." So we released the transcript of the call, which was so good that that crooked Adam Schiff, this guy is crooked, he had to make up a fake conversation that never happened- A fake conversation that never happened, and he delivered it to the United States Congress and the American people. It was a total fraud. And then Nancy Pelosi said, "Oh, I think the president said that." These people are sick. I'm telling you, they're sick. And you know what? Had they waited one day longer, they would have had the transcript of the actual call, word for word. It would've been perfect. Instead, they released it, they went early, they said all these horrible things. You know why? Because they never thought in a million years that I was going to release a transcript of the call. So Nancy Pelosi, upon hearing a false story from a whistleblower that had no clue what was going on in that call, or somebody gave her very bad advice, but also hearing it from shifty shift Nancy Pelosi said, a day before seeing the transcript of the call with the Ukrainian president, "We've got to impeach him. We've got to impeach him." Right? And then she saw the call and she said to her people, "What the hell? Nobody ever told me this was the call." But she keeps going anyway because the press is fake and they play right into their hands. The do nothing democratic extremists have gone so far left that they believe it should not be a crime to cross our border illegally, and it should be a crime to have a totally appropriate casual, beautiful, accurate phone call with a foreign leader. I don't think so. As our brilliant White House counsel wrote to the Democrats yesterday, he said, "Their highly partisan and unconstitutional effort threatens grave and lasting damage to our democratic institutions, to our system of free elections, and to the American people." That's what it is. To the American people. It's so terrible. Democrats are on a crusade to destroy our democracy. That's what's happening. We will never let it happen. We will defeat them. I mean, look at their debates. These people are crazy. They want to spend $99 trillion to redo buildings all over the United States. I said, "What about China? What about Russia? What about India? What about all these other countries where that stuff is just flowing out?" It's all right. Let him give you the answer. Man, did the cops act fast. He's already gone. That's unbelievable. That's the fastest … You know I have … Look, I love law enforcement. I love the cops. I love the police, all of it. Minneapolis, Minneapolis, you've got a rotten man. You've got to change your mayor. You've got a bad mayor. You've got a bad mayor. But you know what? The police … I've done this a lot and every once in a while we'll have very little disturbance. It's really … Actually, is there any place where we can have more fun than at a Trump rally? And we've set every record at every place, virtually, that we've gone. And one of the big musicians said, "And Trump does it without a guitar." Can you believe it? Without a guitar. But this guy … So I've had it a lot where … But sometimes it'll take the police like 30 seconds, 50 seconds. It's like Roger Penske when you watch him, who's getting the Presidential Medal of Freedom, by the way, pretty soon. He won 18 Indy 500s, 18, Roger Penske. But it's like the way they change those tires, takes four seconds to change the whole damn thing. I say, "How the hell do they do it?" That's the way these cops just reacted. That was a record. I think it was a … I've had good service, but I've never had anything like that. I look up, the guy is already gone. Ah, we love you with the red shirts. So now the Democrats are making a pathetic bid to save sleepy Joe, sleepy Joe Biden. And you know what? I'd love to run against him, to be honest. Anybody like that. If you can't beat him in a debate, you've got a big problem folks. You can't beat him in a debate, you can't be president. Because what are you going to do against President Xi and Kim Jong Un. You can't beat sleepy Joe, but now we're going to meet with Kim Jong Un? I don't think so. But he's totally owned and totally controlled by the Washington swamp for many years. Two months after president Obama put Joe in charge of Ukraine policy, they put Joe Biden in charge of Ukraine policy. Listen to this. And the press will not write it. They say, "In totally unsubstantiated charges …" every time they talk about him. President Trump has said that his son walked away with a fortune. Now you know that's a totally unsubstantiated charge. Really? It's not an unsubstantiated, it's fact. Joe's son Hunter got thrown out of the Navy and then he became a genius on Wall Street in about two days. By the way, whatever happened to Hunter. Where the hell is he? Where's Hunter? Hey fellows, I have an idea for a new t-shirt. I love the cops, but let's do another t-shirt. Where's Hunter? Where is he? Here's Hunter, being examined by sleepy eyes Chuck Todd or some of these people. Hunter, it's so great that you're here, sir. Hunter, I know they're giving you approximately $168,000 a month. I hear they paid you a big check of $3 million. I just want to speak on behalf of NBC who's absolutely one of the worst. I just want to tell you … Hunter, Hunter I just want to tell you I couldn't be happier for you and your family and I know you don't know anything about energy and I know it's an energy company, but I think they made a great deal, Hunter. And then they fly to China, and I'm dealing with people right now. They're tough as hell, those Chinese negotiators, and Hunter, who's not too smart, Hunter. He goes in, he has a meeting, he walks out in his fund with 1.5 billion, with a B, one point five billion dollars. These aren't the same Chinese negotiators that I'm dealing with, I can tell you. These are not the same ones, but we are doing very well in that negotiation. Now, think of it, where's Hunter? Where is Hunter? I want to see Hunter? Hunter, you know nothing about energy, you know nothing about China, you know nothing about anything, frankly. Hunter, you're a loser. Why did you get one point five billion dollars, Hunter. And your father was never considered smart. He was never considered a good Senator. He was only a good vice president because he understood how to kiss Barack Obama's ass. True. Thank you. Thank you. It's true. It's true. And they're always saying the same thing. Yeah, he got a billion five, we admit it, they admit it, it's nothing, but oh, it's not that same thing, president Trump made a totally unsubstantiated claim about Hunter Biden and his father. It's not unsubstantiated, you crooked son of a guns, it's 100% true. 100%. Even the smart guys on Wall Street, and I know all of them, they are smart. They've never seen anything like that one before. I've called them. Does that ever happen? Never happens. Guy walks in, no experience, no nothing. Walks out with a billion five. Gee. Flies in on Air Force Two with his father, the vice president. Don't forget, that's when he was vice president. So China gives his son 1.5 billion. How would you like to have Joe Biden take over negotiations right now with China? I don't think so. I don't think so. Meanwhile, Biden allowed China to rip off America for eight years as vice president, and Barack Obama let him just rob us blind, and we're not doing that anymore. Those days are over. The Bidens got rich and that is substantiated. While America got robbed, that's what happened. Sleepy Joe and his friends out America, they didn't have tough negotiations. I look at these trade deals and I say, "Who the hell could have done this?" If you didn't … If you had no business instinct, no business ability, if you had nothing, if you're dumb as hell, you wouldn't make these deals, they're so bad. I say, "Who made these deals? Who made these deals?" But we're ripping them all up and redoing them and they're going to be very good. Wait until you see what happens. Now that I'm your president, you see it. America is winning again and we're respected again as a nation. A brand new report just came out as I'm walking on the stage. Hard to believe, actually. It turns out that Joe Biden was vice president, he worked with the so called whistle blower. This is nothing but a partisan witch hunt, sabotage, and I'm sure they're going to say it's totally unsubstantiated, but one of them wrote this story. Congratulations, by the way. That's very nice. That's really good. That's the way you should do it. Good. Good. Good. In the twisted worldview of Democrats and the media, it's okay for politicians to ship our jobs to foreign countries, flood our communities with drugs and crime, and enrich themselves at America's expense. Their treachery is allowed because they go along with the rigged Washington game, and it is far more rigged. When I ran, I thought it was rigged, but this is crazy what's happening. But if you refuse to bow or bend to the Washington swamp, which I could do very easily, I'd be much more popular. Folks, it would be so much easier. But they smear you, they spy on you, and they target your friends, your family, your staff for harassment, for abuse, for destruction. I came down to Washington with incredible people. We won a great political campaign. They were bright eyed and bushy tailed. that's a nice phrase. They came down, they were happy. They wanted to turn the country around. They wanted to do great things. All of a sudden they get summoned and they get subpoenaed by Robert Mueller. How good was he as a witness? Not too good and by people that were, I call them the 13 angry Democrats, that turned into 18 angry Democrats. It was disgraceful. So people that were going down, "Sir, what is this?" I look, "Oh wow, that's a subpoena." What the hell is this? They took people … I really mean this. They took people that were full of life and energy and vigor. We had just won the greatest campaign in the history of American politics, it's true. It's true. And they destroyed their lives. They destroyed their lives. They went home. I could name many people, one in particular, who came down, an incredible young woman. She was going to help people. She wanted to help people. She had causes that were so good. She wanted to help people, and she ended up going home, dark, dark. Her life became hell. They ruined people. They destroyed people, good people. People that ended up paying far more money in legal fees than they made. Than they made. They destroyed great people. They're vicious, horrible, and the media was behind every single step. They destroyed so many lives. They destroyed so many lives, and they're continuing to do it. And it's a disgrace. When all of their ludicrous hoaxes have been exposed as frauds, these sinister fakers then tried to impeach you for daring to call out their own corruption. There's nothing like the dirty political establishment, and I have to tell you, this is, friend of mine, very smart, brilliant guy, was with me about two weeks ago. We just got rid of the Russia hoax and then a week later the Ukraine hoax starts. I had a week of like, "I can think about everything perfect. It's so beautiful." And he said, "President." I said, "Call me Donald. You've called me Donald for 35 years." "I will. Thank you Donald." I've lost all my friends because they're all scared to talk. Honestly, I'm the president that they can't talk to me anymore. It's like they're afraid. They respect the office. It's true. They say, "President." I say, "Do me a favor, Richard. You've called me Donald for 35 years. Call me Donald, please. I want somebody to call me Donald." True. He said to me, I just told him call me … He said, "President, I can't do it." He said. So he says, "President, you've been here now for, think of it, almost three years. Can you believe we're here three years?" We, we, it's we. And we have to promise them no more than 16 years. Okay? No more. No more. 16 more years. I'm only kidding. Now they'll go back. See, he wants to run for more. But he said, "President, could I ask you a question? It's so important to me." He's a great businessman, very successful. He said, "You deal with all of these nations, these great, powerful … Who is the worst to deal with? Is it China? Is it North Korea? Is India? Is it Russia? Please tell me, Mr. Pres, who is the toughest nation to deal with?" I said, "You're not going to believe this. It's the USA is the toughest nation to deal with." The USA. It's true. Because we're dealing with some very sick and deranged people. There is nothing that the dirty political establishment hates more than a president that they cannot intimidate, own and control. They're trying to stop me because they know that I don't answer to them, I answer to you. It's true. I never say this. I don't think I've ever said it in a speech, but they'll find out if I did. They'll give me Pinocchios, he said it before, but I don't know if I ever said this before. But I make, as president, about $450,000. I give it away. I don't care. I don't want it. I never hear anything. Can you imagine if I didn't. I give it away to … You can only give it, you can't keep it. You can't actually make a gift. You can give it to your different agencies. So I can give it to health, I can give it to transportation, I can give it to military, but I give it away all the time. Now, and if I ever did … But it's 450. If somebody stays from, let's say, a middle East country in one of my hotels and we charge him 392 dollars and 53 cents for staying, and I never heard of the guy and I don't want to hear about him, they say, "Trump is getting rich off our nation." I lose billions being president. I don't care. It's nice to be rich, I guess. But I lose billions. If somebody rents a room someplace and they pay me two months in rent or hotel fees, I never heard of the people. I never know who they are. They say, "Emoluments." Nobody ever heard of the word emoluments before. Emoluments. It's the craziest thing I've ever seen. I tell you, it's cost me billions of dollars to be president. It really has. And at some point I'll probably to prove that, and I look forward to doing it.. It's very easy. It's very easy. And there is nothing that makes me happier than making that decision to run and win and straighten out the mess that these people have created. So in desperate attempt to attack our movement. Nancy and Chuck, two beauties, have given control of the Democrat party entirely over to the radical left, including Minnesota's own representative Ilhan Omar. I know you people. I know you people. I know the people of Minnesota, and I want to tell you, and I also, at the same time, it's both a question and a statement, how'd the hell did that ever happen? How did it happen? How did it happen? Congresswoman Omar is an America hating socialist. She minimized the September 11th attack on our homeland. Where far more than 3,000 people died, saying, "Some people did something big deal. Some people did something." She pleaded for compassion for ISIS recruits right here in Minnesota. Omar laughed that Americans speak of Al-Qaeda. You remember that tape? Speak of Al-Qaeda. But when we say something about the United States, you just don't say America with any intensity. Remember that? Representative Omar has a history of launching virulent anti-semitic screeds, whether you like it or not. She's said the US support for Israel is all about the Benjamins. She said that pro-Israel lawmakers have an allegiance to a foreign country. Omar wrote that Israel has hypnotized the world, may Allah awaken the people and help them to see the evil doings of Israel and the United States. How do you have such a person representing you in Minnesota? I'm very angry at you people right now. She is a disgrace to our country, and she is one of the big reasons that I'm going to win, and the Republican party is going to win Minnesota in 13 months. Thank you very much. So we're honored to have with us today a special guest, a man that really is a terrific talented writer. He knows a great deal about all those tangled lies of Omar. Mr. Scott Johnson of Power Line. He wrote some stuff, I can't believe it. Where's Scott? Where's Scott? Thank you, Scott. Thank you, Scott. What a job. Man, do you have her figured out. The only problem is, Scott, it's incredible talent, much more talented than most of these people that you heard about. The problem is they never pick it up. They don't want to pick it up, but we pick it up, Scott, and the people get it and we thank you for your great reporting. Thank you. Thank you very much. And Scott reported everything about Omar is a fraud, including her name. Scott reports his sources told him that, quote, Omar's legal husband was Omar's brother and that she had married him for fraudulent purposes. You mean like coming into the United States, maybe? And as Scott says, "We have seen a plethora of congressional scandals in our history yet we have never seen scandals like Omar's in Congress, and nothing gets done about it." I hope that some of you people are looking, because what AOC has gotten away with campaign financing and what … I call it AOC plus three, that's what it is. And Omar is one of the three. What AOC has gotten away with all of that money that she used for her personal self with campaign finance is worse, and nothing happens to them, but it happens to you, and it's not fair. The fact is, we're in a struggle for the survival of democracy in America. The only message these radical socialists and extremists will understand- Message these radical socialists and extremists will understand is a crushing defeat on November 3rd, 2020. With your help, we will win back the House, we will keep the Senate and we will win the White House. And we're thrilled to be joined tonight by some incredible people that have helped me so much. One of your tremendous talented, tough, Congressman Tom Emmer. Tom. Also a man, you don't want to fight him, and you don't want to play him in hockey because he was tough. He just won, not that recently but pretty recently, and I was out here campaigning for him and working hard, and it turned out to be an easy race because everyone loves him and respects him. Congressman Pete Stauber. And a man who gets in the trenches, and he just doesn't care. He wants to win for the people. He loves you. He loves this state. He loves this country. Jim Hagedorn. Thank you. And a great friend of mine with his incredible family. He's a friend. He's smart. I guess you'd say he's brilliant. His education is incredible, his military career has been incredible. Then he ran for office, and now he's a United States Senator from the great state of Arkansas, Senator Tom Cotton. Great guy. And Minnesota Senate Majority Leader, Paul Gazelka. Paul. Thank you Paul. Minnesota GOP Chairwoman, Jennifer Carnahan. She's been incredible. I said, "Jennifer, are we going to win in 13 months?" She said, "Honestly sir, I've never seen anything like this. It's going to be easy. Don't ever say… Just assume we're two points behind, okay?" Two points behind. You never ever… Please. Always just assume you're a little behind, but we're going to win this state by so much that people are going to be shocked. Ad plenty of other states too. We had a rally three weeks ago in New Mexico, and New Mexico's a hard state for Republicans, hasn't been won in a long time also. And we had receptivity that was unbelievable. The audience was 40% Hispanic, where we're doing great. And you know, Hispanic, they understand borders better than anybody, better than we do. They understand safety, they understand their job, they don't want people taking it away, they don't want crime. They understand it better. That's why we're doing so well, but we're in New Mexico, and I'm telling you, that was electric. But honestly, all evenings are electric. We haven't had any bad ones. We haven't. They're all electric. A woman who headed up the great state of Michigan for me, a state that hadn't been won in a long time by a Republican for whatever reason, but it hadn't been won. I guess we didn't have the right candidates, right? But a woman who would call me constantly. I'd say, "I don't want to talk to her. She's giving me a headache." "Sir, if you make one more trip, you're going to win Michigan." I say, "All right," I make the trip, I go back home. I get a call the next morning, "Sir, we need one more." This went over and over and over, and we ended up winning the state of Michigan, and I said, "Who the hell was that woman that kept bugging me to go back to Michigan and speak just one more time every week? One more time, sir." And her name is Ronna McDaniel. She's fantastic, and she's the head of the RNC. She's great. And our campaign manager, a man who's really been… They used to say that Crooked Hillary had a very very sophisticated campaign. After she lost, they said, "I guess it wasn't sophisticated." We had a sophisticated campaign. Nobody knows the world of computers better than this guy. Brad Parscale. Remember when they used to say it? You know, I never got credit. My father used to teach me, if you can do it for less and win, that's good. He wasn't talking politics. The last thing… He's looking down. He's definitely looking down, not looking up. He was great. He was tough, but he was great. But my father would say, "If you could do it for less and win, that's a good thing, not a bad thing. If you can build a building for less money than the guy across the street, and if it's a nicer building and you can rent for less, you're really… That's like a good thing." So in the campaign, we spent much less money than Crooked Hillary Clinton, much. And we won. And we won. We won 306 to 223. That's a pretty big… Remember? Remember they said electoral college. By the way, when you run, if you're running, the electoral college is like the 100 yard dash, and the total vote, you don't go certain places. You focus. Electoral college. We have to explain to them, it's different. So we won 306, and do you remember they sued to say one's the 100 yard dash. You practice. One's the mile. You practice. It's a different race. Winning the total vote is much easier in my opinion. The electoral college, I had to go to 22 different states. For the total vote, I'd go to four states maximum, right? Much easier. It's much easier. I'm all for it, but the electoral college is better for our country because it forces you to go places that you wouldn't go. I love Maine. I went to Maine four or five times. I needed one point. Maine gave me one point. And what happened? What happened? I went there numerous times. Everyone said, "Why?" Because I was told by these fraudsters back here in the media that Trump cannot get to 270. He cannot get… They had me maximum, if everything worked, right? At 269. So I kept going to Maine, and you know what? We won that one point in Maine. We won it. It's true. But I kept going. They say, "Why?" I said, "Well, first of all, it is really a beautiful place," but we won the point. But they said, "He can not get to 270," and I heard this for months and months. I had such a headache, almost as bad as listening to Mike's damn commercials about those pillows. Maybe I need one of those pillows to cure my headache. Does it cure headaches? I think so. But here's the thing. Here's the thing. So they said, "He cannot get to 270." In other words, you can't win. You don't get to 270, it's over. You can't win, right? He cannot do it. There's no way of doing it, and they were right. I got to 306. They were right. But I didn't get to 306. You got to 306. We won incredible states. We won incredible states. We won Wisconsin, we won Michigan, we won Pennsylvania, we won North Carolina, we won South Carolina, we won Florida. What a run. Do you remember the evening that we won? I think… Look, forgetting me, I think it was won of all of us together because we all worked hard. I was the messenger, but we all worked hard. That was our victory, not my victory. But that was one of the greatest nights in the history of television, one of the greatest nights, and hopefully it'll go down when we're allowed to get all of this stuff seeded… You know, it's like a tree. You plant it. You plant it. It has to go, but it needs a little… That's why we need the four more additionally years. It's got to grab on and catch, so they can't destroy it. So they can't destroy it. But I think it'll go down, and I hope it's going to go down as one of the greatest evenings in the history of this country, because it's never happened, anything like that before. And these guys don't even question it. They just sit back and say, "I guess he's right about that." I'll never forget the night before, I was at a tremendous arena. The place was going crazy. It was like this, going crazy, and two reporters that hate my guts, they looked at themselves, they looked at each other. Famous shot. They're looking like this and they're saying, "What the hell is going on?" They knew. They knew. And I didn't need Beyonce and Jay Z, and I didn't need little Bruce Springsteen and all of these people. They'd get all these people. They'd come in because she couldn't get a crowd. They'd come in, they'd sing. They got Bruce Springsteen. Okay? He'd do about two songs and leave. What happens is, they leave, and then everyone leaves with them, and she's still speaking in front of the same lousy crowd. It's the craziest thing I've ever seen. And then they complain. Sometimes I'll use terrible word like hell. The other day I used the word hell. I got hell from… They said, "He used terrible language." I used the word hell. It was so bad. But you've got to hear Jay Z, the words he was using, he was using the F word all over the place, and then the next day they say I use bad language. The word hell is a terrible word. These people are sick. But that was an amazing evening. I'll never forget that evening. Look. Outside of your family and your children and things… I love you too, darling. It was one of the highest rated evenings in the history of television. You add up all those networks. Remember the woman crying? Oh my God. No, they weren't biased at all. Now, another very special man who's with us today, but he'll never be a man to me, he'll always be my boy, you know what I mean? Right? He's my boy. He's my little six foot six boy, Eric Trump. And the parents understand that, right? They may be big and strong and older. To a parent, a child is always their boy or always their little beautiful girl, and I know that's probably politically incorrect. They'll say, "It was terrible what he said about women. Terrible." But they're our boy and they're our girl, and it doesn't matter how old we get and how old they get, is that a correct statement? And I'm also proud to endorse your next Republican Senator from Minnesota, a man that I've known, a man that is tough and smart, a man that's running against somebody that's never done a damn thing in the Senate, Mr. Jason Lewis. And Jason did a great job in Congress. Congressman Lewis, thank you very much, and thank you for putting up with all of this stuff because I'll tell you, it's going to be nasty. It's going to be nasty. They're going to make up stories about you. They're going to say things that's going to want to make your wife say, "Why did I marry this guy?" Just say, "Don't worry about it. It's just another phony story." Thank you very much Mr. and Mrs. Lewis. Jason, thank you. And Jason, they can say that about Tom Cotton. He's too perfect, this guy. He can't say… They can't say it about you, Tom. Anyway, good luck Jason. Do well. And I don't know why, but with all of the great people I just introduced, for tonight, maybe this is the most important person, because I turned on a very good show in the morning. Fox and friends. They treat us great. I just want fairness. What a great group. Ainsley and Steve, and by the way, Brian has gotten a lot better, right? And how good does Jessie Waters do? How good? Right? Just some really great people. And again, Tucker's been very good I have to say. He's been good. Smart. He's been great. Tucker, and the legendary Sean Hannity. Great. Number one. Number one show. Sean's got the number one show. And Laura Ingraham is knocking them out of the park, Laura. And you go over, Maria Bartiromo, and the great Lou Dobbs. How good are they? Lou Dobbs. And many more. And many more. How about Greg? Greg used to hate me. Now, he's good. Oh, we can't forget… We can't forget Judge Jeanine. I would be in such trouble if I forgot Judge Jeanine. No, these are… And there are many more. I just… Look, I'm just rattling some names off, but they're just terrific people. They're terrific people. But a man that I have to really say something very special about… 00 slot, because I'm out of there pretty good, and I see a handsome young man named Bob Kroll, Cops For Trump. And he's talking about this lousy mayor they've got. Now, he didn't quite say that, but I say it. He's talking about this lousy mayor that won't let the cops, the police, the law enforcement… My father always used to say, "Son…" And he meant it to. "Never say cops. It's disrespectful. Say police officer." I said, "Okay Pop." But honestly, the truth is with time, I love you guys whether you're cops, police officers, law enforcement. I'll call you whatever you want. It doesn't matter. You are so great, so respected. You don't even know how much our public loves you. You don't know it. You don't know it. You don't know it. But I see this guy, and I don't know if he's done a lot of television before, but he was very effective and very good. And he was saying how the police aren't being allowed to take care of this rally, and yet with President Obama and Bush and all these people, they were fine, fine. Everybody comes. They fall asleep at a rally. But they weren't allowed to do the job for us, and they went wild. So what I want to do… Go home to Mommy. Mommy says, "I saw you on television tonight. I love Trump. Don't you ever do that again." "Yes Mom. Yes Mom." But the job he did before the election, I came right here to Minnesota, and I pledged to address this really important issue, and it's the issue of law enforcement. And when I saw this man, this great gentleman on television pouring out his guts, pouring out his heart… I don't know him. He knows I've been good to law enforcement. He knows I've been good to, as my father would say, "The police." He knows I love the cops. He knows that, and so does everyone else. I mean, it's so many shirts, so many red shirts, and there are plenty of people here without the red shirts, and I want to just tell you, the respect that we have for law enforcement is unbound. It's unbound. Come up here. Bob, come up. Say something. Thank you fellas. I'll see you later. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Great people. Thank you. What a group. I think your very weak mayor made a mistake when he took them on. As you know, for many years, leaders in Washington brought large numbers of refugees to your state from Somalia without considering the impact on schools and communities and taxpayers. I promised you that as president, I would give local communities a greater say in refugee policy, and put in place enhanced vetting and responsible immigration controls. And I've done that. Since coming into office, I have reduced refugee resettlement by 85%, and as you know, maybe especially in Minnesota, I kept another promise. I issued an executive action, making clear that no refugees will be resettled in any city or any state without the express written consent of that city or that state. So speak to your mayor. You should be able to decide what is best for your own cities and for your own neighborhoods, and that's what you have the right to do right now. And believe me, no other president would be doing that. If Democrats were ever to seize power, they would open the floodgates to unvetted, uncontrolled migration at levels you have never seen before. Do you think you have it bad now? You would never have seen anything like what they want to do. But in the Trump administration, we will always protect American families first, and that has not been done in Minnesota. We've also implemented the strongest screening and vetting mechanisms ever put into place. We are keeping terrorists, criminals and extremists the hell out of our country. And I want to thank the country of Mexico. The president of Mexico has been incredible. We have now, 27,000 Mexican soldiers. They're great, and they're tough, and they are now protecting our border, and those numbers have gone down like this. Thank you Mr. President. We will not make the mistakes made in European countries, that allow a violent ideology to take root in our country, on our shores. We're not going to allow it to happen. And as you all know, to protect our citizens from those who would do harm to us, I instituted a very controversial, very hard to get, travel ban on some of the world's most dangerous countries. And the other day, one of the fake news reporters in the back said… They were talking about the travel ban, and they said, "Well you know, the president has lost in court." They said, "Where?" "On the travel ban." And he's right. I lost, and then I lost at the appellate division, and then I won at the United States Supreme Court. Right? And he knew that, but he said I lost on the… And he was right. I lost, and then I lost again, but then I won, and we have the travel ban. But instead of saying, "He lost, and then he lost at the appellate, and then he won at the United States Supreme Court," he said, "He lost on the travel ban." These are very dishonest people. Do you understand that? Very dishonest people. In the Republican party, we believe that those who seek to join our society must embrace our values, honor our history, and love our people. Democrats also support deadly sanctuary cities, which release dangerous criminal aliens into the heart of your communities, and we're not letting it happen anymore. Republicans believe American cities should be sanctuaries for Americans, not for criminal aliens. My administration is taking historic action to secure the border. We have reduced illegal border crossings by over 60% since May, and we are building the wall faster than anyone ever anticipated it could be built. And this is a serious wall. You've all seen it. It's going up rapidly, and you think that was easy? I had every Democrat in Congress fighting me, fighting me, fighting me. I had a lot of the rhinos fighting me. They say, "See, he's not getting it built. He's not getting…" Let me tell you. You have every Democrat fighting you. We took it from here, and we took it from there, and we took it from all over the place, and we got that thing. That's the biggest patchwork of financing you've ever seen, and that sucker is going up, and it is the finest, it is the strongest, it's largely 30 feet tall, which is the maximum height that they wanted. I went to the Border Patrol, and I sat down with 15 representatives of the Border Patrol, and I said, "What do you want? What's your ideal?" I actually said, "I want to give you the Rolls Royce," and they killed me for that. They said, "It's not an American made product." Yeah, they happened to be right. No, they're right about that one. They're actually right there, Tom. But I said, "I want to give you the Rolls Royce of walls. Tell me." And they told me everything, and then we built some alternative walls. We built all different types. We built about seven of them, and then we had climbers come in. The one that worked the best was the one we're building. It also, unfortunately… The bad news, it's also the most expensive. But we got it for the right price. We got it for the right price. It's steel, it's hardened concrete, it's deep, it's high, it's a thing of beauty. And it's going to keep bad people out of our country. That's what it's going to do. And the Democrats knew this. Most of the Democrats four years ago, they wanted a wall. Now all of a sudden, they don't want a wall. You know why they don't want a wall? Because I want it. That's the only reason. And I just thought of it a year ago. I said, "Man, this could've been so much easier." All I had to do is say, "We don't want a wall," and they would've given me all the financing I wanted for the wall. What was I thinking? We're not going to build a wall, and they would have forced me to build it. I would've… It's true. Under this administration, we are also ending the- … this administration. We are also ending the endless wars. We have to do it, folks. We have to do it. We have totally defeated the ISIS caliphate, and I did that in rather quick time if you remember, because we have the greatest fighting machine, now. When I came in and was totally depleted. We have great generals, we have great warfighters, and they did it so fast. I flew to Iraq, I met with the generals, right? I met with the generals. I said, "I hear it's going to take a year to two years." "Sir, we can do it in two weeks." I said, "What?" "They don't let us fight, sir. They don't let us fight. We want to fight. They don't let us fight." I said, "I let you fight." I said, "How come if they say it's going to take anywhere from a year to two years, you say you can do it so quickly?" He said, "Sir, we're going to hit them from the front. We're going to hit them from the back. We're going to hit them from the sides, from underground, from overground. We going to hit the hell out of them." And they did. And we won very quickly. But from now on, we want to fight where it is to the benefit of the United States of America, not to the benefit of other countries. And we will only fight to win. We're only going to fight to win. We don't fight to win. We don't fight to win. The Turks have been fighting with the Kurds for two centuries, and Turkey, as you know, is a NATO ally. But I've been rough on them. We've defeated 100% of that ISIS caliphate, and no longer have any troops in the area. We don't have any troops. The troops have been pulled out. Where Turkey is carrying out now a very tough campaign against the Kurds, get them out. So Turkey is right now waging a very tough campaign against the Kurds. We got along with the Kurds, and we helped the Kurds. And don't forget they're also fighting for their land. You know that. But they're fighting. So we have three choices. You're ready? Here are the three choices. We don't have any soldiers there because we've left. We won. We left. Take a victory, United States. We left. Take a victory, take a victory. Bring our troops back home. I told this story yesterday, I have to sign letters, it's the hardest thing I have to do. I sign letters, "Dear Mr. and Mrs. Smith from Arkansas. Dear Mr. and Mrs. Jones from Alabama. Dear Mr. and Mrs. Somebody from some great state, I'm sorry to inform you, your son has been killed in combat. I'm so sorry." And every letter is individually done because sometimes the parents, they're grieving, and they get together with other parents, and I don't want to see that it's like the same letter. So we do different letters. It's the hardest thing I have to do. Hardest thing.it's the hardest thing I have … I was telling Tom Cotton, it's the hardest thing that I have to do. And I sign those letters, and it just, it breaks your heart. And by the way, there's a time to fight. Nobody fights harder than I do. But there's a time, and there's not necessarily a time. But I send these letters out, quite a few. And sometimes I send letters out, it's called blue on green, where we're teaching people how to fight and then they turn the gun on our soldiers and shoot them in the back. And that's the hardest thing for a parent. I have all of them. I know everyone. That's the hardest thing for a parent when they get notification, because they learn how their child has died. When the so-called people that were teaching how to fight turn the gun on them, and shoot. We've had a lot of that, a lot of it in Afghanistan, more than we've ever had proportionately before. It's a horrible, horrible thing. But I have to sign these letters. And sometimes I go out to a place, Dover Air Force Base, it's a very tough experience. Mike Pence goes, I go, other people go, Tom Cotton goes. We go out there, and we meet the parents and the families, the wives, the children, the sisters, the brothers. We meet them, and we talked to them, and their son or daughter is being flown in from some far away place in a coffin, and these things are just impossible. I don't know how parents can do it, even. And I'll meet them. And we have a particular Colonel, that's all he does. So good. So professional. That's what he does. He said, "I greet the dead, sir. I greet the dead." And what happens is this big incredible machine flies in, this tremendous cargo plane, and it flies in so powerful, so big. I'll be talking to some of the parents, and they'll act like they're fine. I said, "How are you doing?" "We're fine, sir. We're fine. We're really good." I say, "That's great." And I'll tell the Colonel, I'll say, "Colonel, I think they're doing great." "No sir, they're not going to do great. You'll see." And I didn't know what he was talking about, this is the first time. Then we went outside to the runway, and this incredible machine is flying in, and it lands, and it comes over, and it pulls up, and we have military guards, we have incredible talented musicians that do this. That's what they do. What happens is that door opens up, and the Colonel told me, he said, "Sir, when that door opens up, those same people that you think are okay, do things that you'll never see. You will hear sounds like you've never heard." That's what he does. I saw that door open up with a coffin with a flag over it. The door was opened, and these beautiful soldiers, five or six on each side, lifting the coffin and walking down the runway, the plank, they call it, off this cargo plane. And I see parents make sounds, that were just 20 minutes ago absolutely fine, make sounds, scream and cry like you've never seen before. The Colonel was telling me that, "Sir, you'll see things that you've never seen before. A mother who was fine 20 minutes ago, you think, breaking the military line and jumping off, and then jumping onto a coffin of her son or her daughter, jumping on, on top of the flowers, on top of the American flag." I've seen this. Then I have all these people that want to stay. They want to stay. And I don't want to stay. We were supposed to be in Syria for 30 days. We've now been there for 10 years. We were supposed to be in Afghanistan for a short period of time. We're now going to be there for close to 19 years. It's time to bring them home. It's time to bring them home. It's true. Time to bring them home. We've done our job, we've defeated everyone that we're supposed to defeat. And now we are, we are policing, we are now policing. That's what we're doing. We're policing. And that, as I said, no more respect for the police, but these are military people, and those are police, but we are now policing. We're not fighting, we're policing. And you know what? After all of these years … One other story, and I have to tell you. I go to Walter Reed on Friday, and I do it quite often. I gave out five Purple Hearts. And I meet people that are so beautiful, so amazing. I met five warriors, and one was so badly hurt, with the loss of arms and a leg, another one … they're just very, very devastated. But these are great, great people. And I gave out the Purple Heart. And I see the parents, and I have to say, Walter Reed, I want to just say, the doctors there, the job they do, you know, you hear so many complaints about doctors and about the vets, and the vets' care, and nobody's done better. We got choice for the vets. We did things for the vets that nobody thought would be possible. But I saw these young men, and I gave them their Purple Hearts. And their parents were there crying. And one of them was so amazing. I said, "What's your problem?" "Sir, my face was blown apart. My nose was absolutely just blown apart." He said, "Sir, it's incredible." And I looked at him, I said, "That's the most beautiful nose I've ever seen. What do you mean?" He said, "A doctor worked on my face for 10 hours in the field. He said there were a thousand fragments." Now I don't know if that's right, but well, a lot. He meant a lot. "He said there were a thousand fragments. He rebuilt my nose with glue. He glued the bones together. He rebuilt my nose." I say, "You have the most beautiful nose I've ever seen," and it's true. And his father came over to me, he said, "Sir," father was crying, he said, "Sir, honestly, my son looks better now." He said, "My son did not have a good look. He knows. Now look at it, it's beautiful, it's beautiful." But these doctors at Walter Reed, and these Army, and Marine, and the medical doctors, they are unbelievably great people. And they see sights that you and I hopefully will never see. They see things that nobody will ever see, and there's nobody like them. And I have to give a shout out to those people, there's nobody like them. So in the case of Turkey, and Syria, and the Kurds, we could send in a thousand troops for a military conflict with Turkey. No, you don't want to do that. We could hit Turkey very hard financially. Or we could mediate a deal between Turkey and the Kurds. I like that. You know? Let's mediate a deal. But remember they've been fighting each other for hundreds of years, and we were artificially put there, in this case by President Obama. So we did our job. We knocked out. And I'll tell you another thing, we have to be treated fairly. We have to be treated fairly. We're not treated fairly by other nations. We captured many, many ISIS fighters. Most of them came from Europe. They came from Germany. They came from France. They came from all of these countries. And we called them, I called them myself in many cases, I said, "Take your fighters." They said, "We don't want them. You take them." I said, "No, no, no, we did you a big favor. They're citizens of Germany. They're citizens of France. They're citizens of these various countries in Europe. Take your fighters." "We don't want them, sir. We don't want them.' And I said, "How unfair are we treated? We do them a great favor, and they won't take the fighters." So we're doing some things that are pretty amazing. Every once in a while you have to change course, and do what you have to do. The United States has spent $8 trillion in the Middle East. We've lost thousands of brave soldiers, and tens of thousands of terribly wounded people, great people, their lives will never be the same. These wars produced only chaos and bloodshed. And all of the blood and treasure we sacrificed, made the Middle East, really it's less safe, it's less stable, and it's less secure. And I say it all the time. The single greatest mistake our country made in its history was going in to the quicksand of the Middle East. We spent $8 trillion and lost thousands of lives. And by the way, the other side, we can talk about that, lost millions of lives. What did we do? So we're going to pull them out, and we're pulling people out, and we're trying to make good deals, and we're going to bring our soldiers back home, and we may need them for something else, and they'll be ready. Previous administrations lust for regime change, and also put historic Christian communities in vastly more danger than they were before we started. They are some of the biggest victims of these power vacuums and reckless foreign adventures. The Christians, the Christians. And we work hard with the Christians. We have tremendous evangelical support. We work hard with the Christians. So we're slowly getting out of the Middle East. We're doing it carefully. And we're rebuilding our military like we have never rebuilt our military before. When I came into office, a very prominent general told me, because it looked like we could have a big conflict with someone, said, "Sir, we have no ammunition." We had old planes. We had planes that were so old, they didn't fly. We had people going to the desert, the plane graveyards, airplane graveyards, picking up parts. I never want to hear a President of the United States hear those words again. I never want to have a President hear the words, "Sir, we have no ammunition." Think of that. Think of that. Now, thanks to more than two and a half trillion dollar worth of investment in our military, we have more ammunition, more missiles, more rockets, more tanks, more fighter jets, and more of everything else than we've ever had before. And we have no choice. You look around the world, and we have no choice, unfortunately. And the Democrats want to dismantle our military. After years of building up other countries, we are finally building up our country. That's what we have to do. We're replacing the disaster known as NAFTA with the brand new U.S.-Mexico-Canada Agreement, USMCA, a giant victory for our farmers, ranchers, workers in Minnesota. Congress should pass USMCA immediately. We hope that Nancy Pelosi can start thinking about passing some legislation instead of thinking about nonsense. And to protect our industrial backbone, I placed tariffs on foreign aluminum and foreign steel. I'm also fighting back against years of chronic trade abuse from China. And the supply chain of China, which was unbreakable, is now breaking wide open. And they understand that. And I don't blame China for what's taken place over the last 25 years. I blame the people that led our country that let that happen, where hundreds of billions of dollars a year was taken from our country to build China. It's not China's fault. In the previous administration, they put our nation's natural resources under lock and key, including thousands and thousands of acres in a place called Superior National Forest. Last year, I traveled to Duluth and announced that we would be ending this injustice, reopening Superior National Forest, and restoring mineral exploration for the iron ore mines of Minnesota. Tremendous jobs. And now the iron range is back in business. The last time I was here, a man came up to me, he said, "Sir, President Obama took our heart away, took our life away.' I'll never forget it. A man, strong guy, had tears in his eyes. He said, "You gave us back our life," because they took it away from him. We gave it back. Best iron ore there is anywhere. My administration is also fighting the Democrat socialist healthcare agenda that would obliterate Medicare. Republicans will protect Medicare, and we will always protect patients with preexisting conditions. And for those of you that have private healthcare, health insurance, 180 million people, they are going to end it, obliterate it, and most people are thrilled with it. We are going to leave it. You're going to have your plan the way you want it. And there's no plan like those plans. Virtually every top Democrat also now supports late term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mother's womb, right up to the moment of birth. That is why I've asked Congress to prohibit extreme late term abortion, because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift from God. Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late term abortion, socialism, and blatant Washington corruption. The Republican Party is the party of the American worker, the American family, and it's the party of the American Dream. For years, you watched as your politicians apologized for America. You remember that? Gee, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry. Now you have a President who's standing up for America, we are standing up for Minneapolis, and we are standing up for the great state of Minnesota. We begin this political campaign with the best record, the best results, the best agenda, and the only positive vision for America. We begin this campaign with right now almost three years of perhaps the most successful administration in the history of our country. Together, we will help millions more citizens from welfare to work, from dependence to independence, and from poverty to prosperity. With your help, we will reelect, and we will elect a Republican Congress to create a safe, modern, fair, and lawful system of immigration. We will enact trade deals that ensure more products are proudly stamped with that beautiful phrase Made in the USA. We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding new cures for childhood cancer, and ending the AIDS epidemic in America within 10 years. Nobody thought that could be done. Going to be done. We will defend privacy, free speech, free assembly, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms. And above all, we will never stop fighting for the values that bind us together as one America. We support, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States. We stand with the incredible heroes of law enforcement. We believe in the dignity of work, and the sanctity of life. We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag. And we live by the words of our great national motto, In God We Trust. We stand on the shoulders of American Patriots who built this country into the greatest nation ever to exist in history. Our ancestors crossed the oceans, settled a continent, tamed the wilderness, revolutionized industry, pioneered science, won two World Wars, defeated fascism and communism, and put a man on the face of the moon. Proud citizens like the people of Minnesota helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion, your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning, winning. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. America is thriving like never before. And ladies and gentlemen of Minnesota, I will tell you this with great certainty, the best is yet to come. Thank you very much. And just in concluding, together we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you, Minnesota. Thank you.
Thank you, thank you very much. Thank you very much. That is a beautiful site right behind me, isn't it? That's a beautiful site. Thank you very much. And a very big hello, Wisconsin, we've been very good together. And I'm thrilled to be with thousands of loyal, hard-working American patriots. 47 days from now, we're going to win Wisconsin and we're going to win four more years in the White House. This is the most important election in the history of our country. I feel that way so strongly, so do you. Joe Biden devoted his entire career to offshoring Wisconsin jobs, outsourcing your factories, throwing open your borders, dragging us into endless ridiculous foreign wars and surrendering your children's future to China. You know what he's been doing? I just see he's up there tonight getting softball questions from Anderson Cooper. They don't ask me questions like that. And the audience isn't quite like this. Do you see what his audience … they've got cars. They have car in a parking, it's the weirdest thing I've ever seen. And CNN is going, "Oh, this is so beautiful." It's not beautiful. They have cars in a parking lot. What a deal, I'll tell you, what a deal. Biden's supported every disasterous global sellout for half a century, including a NAFTA, China. You take a look at China's entry into the World Trade Organization and TPP. He supported them all, Biden, surrendered your jobs to China and you know that. I probably wouldn't be here if it weren't for that, it was one of the big things, one of the big reasons I decided to say to my great wife, our first lady, let's go have some fun. Let's go have some fun. She's done a great job and very popular. And the family is all over the place, all over the country. But unlike Joe, who lets you down when he'd never even came back to Milwaukee to apologize or just to pay respects, I came to Wisconsin and I've been here a lot since, since we started this, a lot. And you've been a tremendous beneficiary of what I've done and I have to, because you've been with me, you've supported me and we've had great victories together, all victories, so I want to thank you. Now Biden wants to surrender our country to the violent left-wing mob. You see what's happening. If Biden wins very simple, China wins. If Biden wins, the mob wins. If Biden wins, the rioters, anarchists, arsonists, and flag burners, they win and we're not into flag burners. We don't like flag burners. I'd like to say, pass a law, one year in jail, you started burning flags, we put you in jail for a year. We should do that. They would have done that, it's a different world, I guess, but it's sort of coming back to the way we have to have it because we're for law and order. They say, don't use that term, it's too tough. No, everybody wants law and order. Minorities want law and order. Everybody wants law and order. They have to have it. I'm running for the reelection and a very important reelection to bring jobs in factories back and that's a continuation. Because I don't know if you know it, the single greatest year Wisconsin has ever had was last year. The second best year that Wisconsin has ever had was the year before. And guess what the third was the year before that? And you're going to have your best year economically next year, it's all heading in that direction despite the pandemic given to us by China. We want to put the violent criminals behind bars and we have to ensure the future belongs to America, not to China, not to other very terrible forces out there, because if we win, very simply America wins. And that's what we want, we want this great country to win. Over the last three and a half years, we've secured America's borders. Fixed the disastrous trade deals, they have been the worst ever. Not even … it was not even … when I looked at these, I studied them and I used to talk about them, they had to be bad. When I started studying, I said, "Who are the people that made these deals?"2 Grossly incompetent people. Brought back our manufacturing jobs, rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S. military and obliterated the ISIS caliphate. We open obliterated it. Obama was not able to do it, he wasn't able to come close. It was just announced that in 2019, before the virus came in from China, we grew median income by a record of $4,400 in just one year, achieving the highest median income in U.S. history. That's in the history of our country. In the first three years, we lifted six point six million people out of poverty, the largest poverty reduction of any president in the history of our country. That's not bad. And I didn't even make these numbers up. These are numbers that … they sound good to me. We built the greatest economy in the history of a world. This is the greatest economy in the history of the world. And then the virus came in, we closed it down, we saved millions and millions of lives. We'd be at two and a half million, two million, three million. A number that would not be sustainable, would not be acceptable. A horrible number, there shouldn't have been one person that died. It should have been stopped at China. They stopped it for their country, but it came out to us, to Europe, to the rest of the world, 188 countries. We will deliver a safe and effective vaccine before the end of the year. And it could be very, very soon. You've been seeing what's going … could be very, very soon. Could be, it's amazing how all of a sudden they hate the vaccine. When they thought it couldn't be done, they said, "Well, he's got to get a vaccine." And then all of a sudden, they're looking like it's going to be very close. We're doing great. We're doing great with vaccines and therapeutics, Remdesivir, all sorts of other things that are bringing the rates down, like at numbers that nobody can believe. But we have three vaccines right now, they're in the final stage, clinical trials. We worked it for the FDA where they approved it fast. They went very fast, very quick, at levels that nobody else could have ever achieved. No other administration, certainly the last one, because the last one was grossly incompetent. In fact, that's why I'm here, because if it was good, I wouldn't have run. If they did their job, I wouldn't have run. I was very happy in my other life. I was very happy, but I'm very happy in this life. More happy, because nobody has produced in three and a half years, the first three and a half years, nobody has done what we have been able to do, nobody. So we'll defeat the virus and next year will be truly, I think, from an economic standpoint and from other standpoints, maybe the best year of all. Hard to believe we're going so fast, the numbers have been incredible. We've had employment numbers, the best ever. We've had retail sales numbers the best ever. You see them all, they come out every day. And our stock market is for the most part, at a new high. And if people have 401ks, if you want to have your 401k go down like to depression levels, I think you should vote for sleepy Joe, because he's going to raise your interest. He'll be raising your interest rates. I watch him though, he's denying all this up. Everything that he said, he's now denying. He said, no fracking, right? There will be no fracking during the … he didn't know what fracking was, but he said there's no fracking. The reason is because everybody else, all of the radical left candidates up there, they couldn't get too far left, so Joe agreed. Then he gets the nomination, now they're all angry. You know that crazy Bernie, all of the left democrats, they don't want to vote for him anymore because he made promises and now all of a sudden he forgot that he said no fracking. He said, "Well, now we can do some fracking." But remember this in politics, it's always the thing that they say first, that's what they're going to do. No guns, no religion, no energy, no oil, remember that. Remember, he put Beto in charge of his gun policy, right? Beto, crazy Beto. Remember when Beto went out, he said, "I was born for this." And that's when it all came down. As soon as I heard that, anybody said they were born for this, that doesn't play well. But he's in charge of the Second Amendment. And you won't have a Second Amendment. Frankly, you wouldn't have a Second Amendment if I didn't get elected, it would have been obliterated. It would have been torn up. Maybe it would have been totally knocked out. But there's tremendous pressure on your Second Amendment. As long as I'm here, you'll always have a Second Amendment. But I want to just say, they do disinformation, they make up a phony story and then they go with it. They make up a totally phony story. It's called disinformation. And one of the things, oh, what they did, the worst of all was the soldiers. Because, nobody loves our soldiers like I do and they made up a phony deal. And that's why I say the gloves are off because when they do that, that's worse than what I'm going to talk to you about, that's big 10. You know we got it back, right? We got big 10. But the soldier story, about standing over their graves, you know the one I'm talking about, then they do a commercial. And I said, the good news about that is the gloves are off. I can now call him grossly incompetent, the man is incompetent. He's been there for 47 years, he didn't do a thing. Now all of a sudden, in years where he was never considered smart, but now he's really not considered smart. And now all of a sudden he's going to do what he never did in 47 years. He's got to do this and that and everything that I'm doing, everything that we're doing. But I want to congratulate the big 10 conference on yesterday's announcement that the fall season will start very soon. Oh, I hope your team does well after all that. I hope that team does well. But I especially want to thank a football legend, he was great. Wisconsin's own Barry Alvarez, he was great. Good, got to be careful when you do that, a lot of times you don't like people too much. They say, "Oh," but he's a good man. We worked with him. We worked with a whole group, including the commissioner of the league, did a very, very good job, did a very good job. But we called them, and the reason is that they took an ad. In other words, another one, disinformation. They took an ad saying I was against football. I'm the one that said they shouldn't close. But I said that, if they close, they close. But then they took an ad saying I'm the one, I didn't want it. I wanted it closed. So then I said, "Well, no, I don't. I want it open. Let me call up the commissioner." We called up the commissioner and he was great. He said, "You really think so?" And bottom line, we worked very hard, lots of calls to lots of different states, lots of people. We dealt with the players, the parents of the players, who are really the boss, that's okay, I won't say that. But these are players that have a shot at the NFL. They have a shot at pro-football. We want the NFL to proudly stand when they sing our National Anthem. Or their ratings are going to continue to go down like they did last weekend, down 27%. Because people don't want that. You know what, we have enough politics, right? We have politics here. We have politics all over. In fact, sometimes I have to turn it off. I can't do it anymore. I can't watch me. It's always … I can't watch me. I can't watch. But no, we have enough politics. We don't want to watch now on Sunday, all, here we go again with the politics, let them play football, let them stand and salute or put your hand on your heart and be proud of our country and be proud of our great American flag. And then go home to the mansion and have a good time. Take a nice sauna and then if you want, after you recover, you come out and you go and you do your thing, whatever the thing may be. But people don't want to see it and the ratings are down. Here we go again. I thought we taught them that lesson two years ago. Didn't we think? I thought we taught that lesson. But Biden would absolutely eradicate your state's economy. I know this state very well. It's one of the reasons I made the great deal with Canada and Mexico, but Canada, because they were taking advantage of you so badly on your dairy products. You had a 287% tariff on your dairy products with Canada. People don't realize Canada is one of the toughest negotiators and they treated your state and this country very unfairly until I came along, very, very unfairly. Did you know that? 287. But I saw some farmers and this was like the straw that broke the camel's back. They had something called specialty milk. Does anybody know what that is? Right, you know. A lot of people … it's a small little grouping of milks, specialty milk. But this was the final straw. And I met some people and Canada finally did it to them like they did it to everybody else. And they raised a tariffs massively, they made it impossible. They tried to take over that business too, along with all of them, it was just massive and horrible what they did. And that really got me going, the little specialty milk, specialty products, a small portion, but you know what, that was it. And we have a great deal. The USMCA is a great deal and I'm very honored to have done it. But it was all because of specialty milk and the way you were taken advantage of by Canada. You know, they have the wonderful, Oh, Canada, we love to hear the song, right? But let me tell you, they are very tough. And they've taken advantage of our country for many, many years. And I will tell you this, they're not so happy now, but at least they got a deal, but you're happy. And it's about time you were happy. You now have a great deal and you're not going to have your companies leaving for Mexico anymore or Canada. And you're not going to have them make your product in Mexico or Canada, send it over here with no tariff, with no tax. Where we lose tax, we lose jobs, we lose our companies, we lose everything. And they make a lot of money selling the product to us, same product. So we're not doing that stuff anymore. There's a tremendous disincentive, it's called, like, let's not do it. And you haven't seen that lately. You haven't seen too many companies leaving have you? It's sort of an amazing thing. It's a little bit like what we did with the statues. So on the statutes, they were knocking them down three or four months ago. I said, "Do we have any laws? No, but there was a very old law." I said, "What was it?" You get 10 years in jail, 10 years in prison, they actually use the word prison, which is a tough word. You get 10 years in prison if you knocked down a statue or a monument. I said, "Let me see that law, I want to see that law." Right, Glen, right? I want to see that law. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. So big tax cuts, big regulation cuts. The Democrats, they want to … the Democrats, they want to just really break us down in terms of our competitive ability to compete with other nations. Do you notice what's happening with Japan? You notice what's … We have taken billions and billions of dollars in from China. We charge them a fortune. In fact, many farmers in this group, because you got to love Trump. I gave you $28 billion, right? Thank you very much, China, right? You were targeted. 12 billion, Sonny Purdue, Secretary of Agriculture. I said, "Sonny, how much have they been hit for, targeted for?" Remember when China said we're not going to do anything, we're not buying. They thought they were going to put pressure on us. Sonny said, "Sir, 12 billion, the year before last and last year was 16, total of 28 billion." We took 28 billion out of the tariffs. China never paid us 25 cents, not 25 cents with Obama and Biden. And in all fairness with no president, they paid us nothing. They pay us now tens of billions of dollars. I took a small portion of it, I added it up, 16 and 12, 28, and I said, $28 billion is going to the farmers. Did everybody get that money, right? You had a very good year, the farmers have had a very good year. Last week, China ordered and you have to understand, I view China differently now than I did six months ago, we made a great trade deal but I view it differently because I don't know if I can ever view it the same. But last week they know how I feel and they're very smart. So instead of saying, we're not going to do business, which would have been okay with me. We would have worked it out somehow, you would have been very successful, the farmers. But last week, they had the largest order of corn. Did you know this? In the history of our country. Did anyone know this, the farmers? From China, thank you very much. The largest order of soybeans in the history of our country. And one of the largest cattle orders in the history of our country, because they're very smart. Somebody else would have said, well, let's not do business. And then it would have been easy for me, but they gave us so much. I have every farmer calling up saying, please do me a favor. We love this. We love this. This is a great deal. It's a great deal, but we feel differently about it, don't we? We just feel differently about it. I don't talk about it like I used to, I talked about it, it was great. And it turned out to be a great deal, but I don't talk about it the same way. At no time before has there been a clearer choice between two parties, two visions, two philosophies or two agendas for the future than these two parties, you got law and order on one side and you have chaos on the other. On November 3rd, Wisconsin will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity or whether we will allow Biden and the Democrats to impose a four trillion dollar tax hike, ban American energy, confiscate your guns, which is what they want to do. Shut down the economy, destroy the suburbs. You know they were destroying our suburbs, you know that, right? I don't know, if somebody said, you just doing okay in the suburbs? I said, "How can I do okay, I saved the suburbs. What I've done is saved the suburbs." And you know this, I don't have to go into it, but I saved the suburbs. I think the suburbs … Last time, four years ago, "Oh, he's not going to do well with women." I did great with women. They said, "Well a big thing." Remember that?. No, but was that one of the greatest evenings ever, remember? And remember all the fake news, look at all the … Oh la, that's a lot. That's a lot of people back there. Look at that, the red lights are on. Don't worry, I won't say anything bad about you CNN. Because as soon as I see, as soon as I- Because as soon as I see … As soon as I'm getting ready to say something about fake news, et cetera, et cetera, the lights start going off so I'm not going to … One just went off I think. You can tell by the lights, they got that little beautiful red light. You see it? But I won't say anything bad about them but they are fakers and do you remember when they … Remember when they were saying that the polls are terrible. Actually these polls are very good compared … That was so bad it was like why did anybody vote. They're called suppression polls. They make them so bad that you lose all your appetite, you lose all your spirit, they take your guts out, and you don't go and vote, and your wife looks at you and says, "Darling I love that guy, but he's not going to win. He doesn't have a chance because the polls, he's down 10, he's down 20, he's down 50 points, darling. He can't possibly win. Let's go have dinner and then we'll come home and watch his concession speech." But my people didn't buy that because my people went out to vote. Instead, we watched her concession speech. Crooked Hillary, that was a real piece of work. Remember when she was saying, "Will you accept the decision of the voters? Will you accept that decision?" I wasn't perfect, I said I'll see how it works out. I should have said, "Yes, I will," but I couldn't do that because I know how crooked she is. Would you accept the decision? The anchor said to me like, "Will you accept?" They're coming after me, I said, "You're supposed to be going after her a little bit too." Did you ever see debates where you had all of the anchors plus the candidates against me? Here we sit, is that Air Force One, yes, that's Air Force One. How did that happen? A lot of the times I'd say to the anchor, I'd say, "Wait a minute. Wait a minute. This isn't fair." I mean I'm watching what they're doing with Biden where he's using teleprompters, "Move it up, move it up, I can't see, I can't see." He's shot. He's shot. President Xi of China is not shot. Putin is not shot. Kim Jong-un, remember we're supposed to be in a war with him, what happened to the war? No, it seems to be good. Did you see the Middle East two days ago? Remember our incompetent negotiator John Kerry? He never got up to walk. The guy's getting beaten on every point, I say, "Walk. Walk. Get up and leave the table. You're giving up." They'd say, "We want this." He'd say, "Well, I'd rather not." "We want this." "Okay, you got it." "We want that." "You got it." "We want that." Say no and walk. They'll probably possibly call you back and if they don't that's okay too. But right now I will tell you Iran, if we win, Iran will be calling us within the first week, they're dying to make a deal. GDP down 27%. They don't have too much money for terror anymore, it's actually amazing, do you notice what's going on? Now I don't want to speak too loud, but I did put out on social media the other day that if they hit us in any way, any form, written instructions already done, we're going to hit them 1000 times harder than we've ever hit them before. So hopefully they will just come and we'll make a deal and they'll go back to being a rich country, let them go back and be rich but they cannot have a nuclear weapon. They cannot. That deal was so bad that Obama made. $150 billion, they got $150 billion for nothing. You know the deal is practically … If I didn't terminate it which I'm proud to have done, but if I didn't terminate it, they got $1.8 billion in cash, how about that? If I didn't terminate that stupid deal, first of all you wouldn't have the deal in the Middle East and all these countries are joining, it's happening fast. They want to all join. We did it, you know, the reverse. We did it the … Thank you very much. Thank you very much. You know it's interesting, thank you very much. I knew I like you. So the Nobel Peace Prize. So the funny thing, a lot of people don't know because the fake news doesn't write about it. So if you're a president, right? And you are nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize, you're the United States, no, but think of this. That's a big deal. I mean Obama got it like in his first couple of weeks and nobody knew why he got it including him, remember? He couldn't tell you why. He had no idea. To this day, he has no idea why he got it. But if you're a president and you get nominated, then two days later, you get nominated, did you know this, a second time, for a different deal. Kosovo. Serbia. They've been killing each other for hundreds of years. I stopped a lot of death and I did it like easy, it wasn't hard for me. It's sort of a natural thing to do but we did a good thing. But you know what? They did a check. So I got nominated twice for the Nobel Peace Prize, that's a big deal, I don't know. I should have gotten nominated seven times because we did a lot of other things, but these are for two different deals, and not one mention was made on the evening news. Think of it. I got rid of the prosecutor, here's the billion, right? But they don't want to play that too often. You have to look around for it. It's a very unfair deal but as the expression goes, we won, I don't know how the hell we did it. When you look at the opposition, when you look at how unfair it is and these guys know very well, you look at how unfair it is, it's pretty damn good, but we have a lot of support. We have tremendous support of the people. These rallies, look at this rally. These rallies … These rallies are incredible gap ever polled. I'm not a believer in the polls but I believe that one. It's the biggest enthusiasm gap, he's got no enthusiasm. The only enthusiasm is for the people that want to beat us, they want to beat me. That's the only thing he's got, the people that want to … They couldn't care less about him. He could be that piece of wood that was left in the ground. Biden will hand the left wing mob the keys to your kids' classroom. Earlier today I took a historic stand against the hateful lies being fed to America's youth, the parents know all about it. I checked, they're doing it in Wisconsin too. I was a little surprised, I'm a little surprised. I'm a little surprised you let it happen actually but we're going to get rid of it. I announced that we're launching a new pro-American lesson plan for students called 1776 Commission. We're going to teach our children the truth about America, that we're the most exceptional nation ever to exist and we're getting better every single day. Sleepy Joe Biden is wholly owned and controlled by the far left. He even opposed sending the National Guard into a place called Kenosha, did you ever hear of Kenosha? How about that, did we do a good job? I wish we did it a little sooner but we finally got your governor's okay. We have to do that if … We got to get the governors to say please do it. How they don't do it, how they don't do it in some other places when you look at what's going on with Chicago, right? When you look at what's going on with Portland, those are just anarchists. You know how long it would take us to fix up Portland in terms of ending it all? I'd say far less than an hour, I'd say a half hour. Look what we did at Minneapolis. We're doing well in Minnesota because they saw what happened. Now they shouldn't have allowed it to go on for 11 days, they should have called us immediately but do you remember that beautiful night? Nice evening, a little problem, there were a lot of buildings in the background that were burning down to the ground as reporters said, "No, this is a peaceful protest." I don't know if it's your state but a couple of them they have … You're allowed to protest, so you can't go to church but you can rip the hell out of the streets, of Main Street, of 5th Avenue, break up the stores. Burn down the buildings. Climb over each other's face, you can climb right over their face. You don't have to wear masks, you don't have to do anything. 25,000 people walking down the street, looters, anarchists, agitators, burning down stores, throwing things at police. They've taken the authority away from our police, our great police. They've taken their authority and their dignity away. We're giving it back, we have to, we have to. By the way, I was endorsed by New York's finest and we're with them all the way. I was just endorsed two days ago by Chicago Police. I think that takes courage, right? Philadelphia, Florida, Texas, everybody, Ohio. I don't know, did anybody … Is there one group of … Even if it was a tiny little group of two or three police, did anybody endorse Sleepy Joe? I don't think so. But we did a great job in Kenosha. We got out there, I went there as you know, a little while ago but had we not gone in that place would … It would have been burned to the ground. They did damage, we should have gone in. I wanted to go in the first night, we would have stopped it immediately but it was a great outcome as was in Minnesota. Again, if they would have called us early it would have been over. Portland, I'd love to go there. That would be so easy. You know in Seattle, they heard we were coming in, they gave up. They heard we … I said, "That's enough. We're going in. I don't care. We're going in." "Do you have permission." "No, we're going in." They took over a chunk of the city, and when they heard we were going in it's like, "Well we give up, that's it." That was the end of the Settle problem. It's a terrible thing that's going on. All in Democratic run, super liberal run, cities. The red cities are doing great. I think we're doing great all over, the Republican cities, we're fair. We're not stupid. How stupid these people are. Did you see Chicago? 48 people shot, six died. You know we're in Afghanistan, we're pulling the troops, you know that, we're coming back, we're almost finished. We're pulling … Finally, these endless wars. These endless wars, and we had to fight other things but we've done a great job but we're acting like a police force over there. No, we're pulling the troops, we're almost out of Iraq. That's another one, we're down to about 2,000 troops, did you know that Sean? 2,000 troops. So Syria, we're out but we kept the oil so we have some … Was it okay that we at least kept the oil? I feel badly because we have some troops … "Well you haven't pulled the troops." No no, we're gone, we pulled all the troops out of Syria. Remember we were supposed to be guarding the border between Syria and Turkey? I said, "Why are we doing that?" They said, "Well, we are." I said, "Wait a minute, we have an army of 100,000 here, an army of 25,000, 30,000 here. We got 5,000 soldiers. That's a very dangerous position to be in." I don't like it. They've been guarding their own borders with different names for a thousand years. Why the hell do we have to be over there guarding their border? We want to guard our own borders, right, where we're doing very well. Where we're doing very well. We're doing great on our southern border, I hate to say this, but that wall is going up very rapidly, 10 miles a week. We're up to 330 miles and the wall will be finished very soon. You think that was easy, that was not easy, our great congressman over here, that was not easy. The Democrats were totally in favor of the wall until I said when I came in, "We will build the wall." As soon as I said it, they were against the wall. They said, "We don't want you to build the wall. Walls don't work." I said, "No no, walls always work." You know what else works? The wheel. The wheel and the wall, you can go back. Come back in 1,000 years from now. The only two things I know for sure, you're going to have a wheel and you're going to have a wall. The computers, they come up with a brand new computer, it's genius, 12 days later, it's obsolete. But walls are never obsolete, neither are wheels. So I made one mistake and I tell this to these guys because they were great warriors for me, the congressmen. They were incredible actually. I tell it to them. I should have said instead of we will build the wall, we will build the wall, we will build … Then the Democrats held us up and fought us and sued us and everything else and now we won so many lawsuits on the wall and we had the military money, I can build like 10 walls with all the money we have. It's the craziest thing. Maybe we'll build it double thick or we'll go twice as high. No, but the wall is great. Everything, everything, that they wanted, but I made one mistake. I should have said, "We will not build a wall." Then they would have insisted that we build it, I could have saved two years of litigation. "We will not build a wall under any circumstances." Then Pelosi would say, "We demand that you build a wall." These people are terrible. Crazy Nancy, crazy as a bedbug. She's crazy as a bedbug. She decided to make a nice little stop-in at the beauty parlor, how did that work out? Not too good, it didn't work out too well. Can you imagine? The owner of the beauty parlor is a MAGA lady, she loves Trump. Can you believe it? I don't know what it is but I think if I owned a beauty parlor, I had a customer, I'm not sure I'd be turning her in. The owner turned Nancy in. That's a lot of hate. That's serious hate, right? No, she's a great owner. As far as I'm concerned, I think she's fantastic. She's for us. They said, "What made you do it?" You know what she said, "Because I see how hard our president has to work. I see what they put him through. I see what he puts with and I turned her in." How about that? How about that? We love her. She can do my hair anytime. I think I'm going to call her in. Check it out, maybe you can do something. Maybe you can improve it, it's not bad though. I have friends that … I have friends my age, they're not looking too good. Instead of standing up for America, Joe Biden and the Democrats, they condemn America and war is always waged on our great law enforcement. We love our law enforcement. Kamala Harris, that's another great beauty, Kamala Harris, that's a beauty. Remember, I tell this story all the time. When you pick somebody, you pick somebody that's hot, that's going in the right direction, right? She came out, she was at like 14, 15 in the polls, and she started going down, down, down, it never stopped. It drove her crazy. She was terrible at the debates. Wait till you see what … I don't want to put pressure on him but wait till you see what Mike Pence does to her in the debates, but I don't want to put … I don't want to put pressure on Mike. Do we have a great vice president? Is he good? He's great, and he loves this state. Loves all the states actually. He's just a great American but do you remember his last debate? What he did to that character from Virginia? That one wasn't good. The other guy's jumping around, Mike is just sitting there, we love America, we're going to lower your taxes. Thank you, you win. No, Mike is great. But Kamala Harris and 13 members of Biden's staff urged their supporters to donate to a fund to bail out rioters, take them out of jail, get them out of jail as soon as possible. Including one who attempted to murder a police officer, a man who was accused of sexually assaulting an eight-year-old girl. This is what we're dealing with. This is what we're dealing with. You know Kamala was considered, is considered further left than Crazy Bernie, think of that. They got there … I mean seriously, watch. You know the manifesto that Biden and … It's not Biden, Biden has not agreed to anything. His people, his representatives, because Biden doesn't know he's alive, let's not kid ourselves. Biden. Biden didn't agree, he didn't, they just told him what's happening. They said, "Listen, you're against fracking but now you have to be in favor of fracking because you lucked out. Elizabeth Warren decided not to drop out and when she stayed," Pocahontas, you know Pocahontas? Did anybody ever hear of her? She's another great one. Pocahontas. I said to her a long time ago, I've got more Indian blood in me than you do and I have none, I have none. Sadly. I'd love a little bit of it, but I have none, I said … I turned out to be right. She choked and she went for a blood test. Remember? Was it 1024th? Meaning maybe nine hundred years ago, there was a little action going on. Crazy Pocahontas, she's a nasty one though, isn't she? She's a terrible person. I was hoping that she'd win so we could go after her because I think Kamala is not as smart but she's a little bit less vicious. I think this. The one who treated Sleepy Joe the worst was Kamala. She accused him of MeToo, she accused him of everything. She accused him of … That he was a racist, right? That he was a racist? Because what he's done to the black population of this country was a terrible thing. She's accused him of everything under the book, the busing, remember, the busing scandal. So I said brilliantly he'll never pick her because she was too terrible to him. She was the worst of everybody. By far, I would say, but she picked him and hopefully that's going to be history, it's not going to matter, and that is no way for a woman to become the first president, that's for sure. If a woman is going to become the first president of the United States, it can't be her. That would rip our country apart. This is not what people want and she comes in through the backdoor, this would not be what people want, especially because it's her. Biden has called to end cash bail, you know that right, for vicious criminals? Meaning if you assault a copy or anybody else, you're right back on the street the next day. He called for police and he calls them all the time the enemy. He says they're the enemy and he just thinks it's terrible. He think it's terrible. Now he's liking the police much more. It's a little late. Remember, first instinct, that's where they're going, and he has no choice because he has to, because again, I was going to say, the radical left hates him because they think he deceived them because they agreed on that manifesto and that manifesto is seriously a leftist dream and he agreed from the Green New Deal, getting rid of your planes. No more airplane trips. Remember the crazy senator from Hawaii? "Do you like the Green New Deal?" "I love it very much," he said. Oh okay, well you're the senator from Hawaii, that's right, the beautiful island of Hawaii. She said, "Under the Green New Deal you basically can't fly in an airplane." "Oh that's a problem." So they said they'd build a bridge from the mainland to Hawaii. It's 2,000 miles long but these are minor details. Remember her when they explained to her that planes are out, cows are out. Cows, they don't want cattle, they don't want cows. Did they withdraw that one? That was a tough one, wasn't it? They don't want cows, bad for the ozone layer. Who would even think of that? You'd got to be sick to even think it, okay? Give me a break. Give me a break and I guess under that theory this big guy is next, he's next. No, it's a sick deal going on there. To do it the way they want would cost $100 trillion. That's more money than this country could earn in 1,000 years to do it right. " We don't like that building, the windows are too large." "Okay, let's rip it down and build a new one." What windows are you going to have? You're not going to have windows anymore. Environmental. They love wind too, right? The big windmills, I always say, the greatest graveyard in the world for birds, just walk under a windmill. You will see more dead birds than you will ever imagine, what's happening, including eagles. You know, in California they put you in jail if you shoot a bald eagle, right? You go to jail, right? These windmills are knocking them out of the sky all day long. It's unbelievable, and yet they want wind, and wind also is very, it's very hard to store the electricity from wind. So if you go home and you want to watch television because President Trump is on and you want to watch one of his very brilliant State of the Union addresses, if the wind isn't blowing, the husband looks at the wife, says, "Darling, I'm sorry, you can't watch tonight. The wind is not blowing." "Sorry, you can't watch tonight. The wind is not blowing." And she looks at me, "I like the old days. It's much better." But the rhetoric of Biden and the radical left puts your law enforcement in serious danger. Last weekend, two Los Angeles sheriff's deputies were ambushed and shot at point blank range. And we have everybody looking for that creep that did it. I called him an animal the other night. I said, "He's an animal," and we were challenged by some people on the left. "He's not an animal. He's a human being." He's not a human being. They got to find him. They got to find him. And the penalty has to be very fast, very swift and very, very severe. You can't do that. We call for the death penalty if you kill a policeman. You know that, right? But the anti police demonstrators, they cheered and cheered when they saw this. And then they tried to stop them from even getting into the hospital. As president, I'll always support the heroes of law enforcement and I'll fight to ensure that criminals who murder police officers do indeed get the death penalty. They want prisoners to vote too, they wanted to. I said, "So what about the Boston bomber?" Remember Bernie Sanders? He wanted all prisoners to have. And I said, "Does that mean everybody?" "Yes." So we sent in a question, "Does that include the Boston bomber? Is he entitled to a vote?" And even Bernie is going, "Oh man, let's get into a different question. This is not a good question." But we want to get that, we want to take care of it. If you look at all of the problems that we have, you look at crime, even somebody brought it up today, we're doing a great job relative to other countries on the coronavirus. You know how many names we have? Like 22 different names. I call it the China virus. We're doing a great job. But if you want to really see a great job, take New York and some of these other Democrat run states out of it. You'll see numbers that are unbelievable because New York had a very, very hard time. A lot of bad things happened. But you take a few of the states out and you'll really see numbers. But by comparison to other countries and by almost all metrics, we've done an incredible job, including the job of helping the world with ventilators and all of the things that we built. And I think our task force has been incredible. And Mike Pence has done a great job. Biden opposes the death penalty for cop killers or mass murderers. Biden says he wants to protect black lives, but his radical platform will cut short the lives of thousands of African American citizens. The Democrat party's war on cops has already led to surging homicides in Democrat controlled cities. Yet Biden supports imposing these failed policies nationwide. They ask him, "What about nationwide? What about the fact that you just had your Democrat national convention?" Where, by the way, we had far many more viewers, millions and millions of more viewers. We had millions of more. I thought it was a great thing. Did anybody hear Herschel Walker that night? It was … well. You talk about a good football player. He was some player. What a great guy. But all of them, everybody. The first lady did great, Ivanka did great. They all did, they did great. We had some … and some incredible stories, some very sad stories when you look and see what happened. But Biden's plan is to appease the domestic terrorists. My plan is to arrest the domestic terrorists. Joe Biden is a weak person. He's always been a weak person. And that was in prime time. And prime time was 25 years ago. And let me tell you, he's not old. I always defend him on this. I have friends that are 85, 89, 92, 95, and they're 100%. There's just something wrong with Joe. He's off, okay? He's off, and I have no problem saying it anymore when I watch the disinformation, because this is not disinformation. This is fact. If he's elected, his radical supporters won't just be causing mayhem on the streets, they'll be running the Department of Justice, Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Education. And most importantly, they will put many judges on the United States Supreme Court. We can't have that. We'll have a totally different country; radical left judges. And that has to do with the Second Amendment. It has to do with right to life, it has to do with so many different things that will turn your world upside down. And they'll have one, two, three or four, whoever is the next president. And hopefully, that's going to be us. Not me, us. It's us. But I put it, and think of this, by the end of the term, we'll have approximately 300 brand new, great federal judges, Court of Appeals judges 300, which is a record, 300. Give or take a little, tiny bit, but 300. Nobody thought that was possible. I want to thank President Obama. He left us 142 openings. Nobody gets left one opening. A federal judgeship is a big deal. Nobody gets left any openings. He gave us 142 openings. Thank you very much. What happened? They thought Hillary was going to win, so they didn't push it. And then they said, "Wait a minute, these polls are getting a little close at the end." And they tried like hell to get some judges approved, but it didn't work. That's what happens. You got to go and you have to act fast. You got to get it done. Get it done, right? We get things done like nobody's ever gotten it. Oh, he was a great president. He was great. He left 142 judges for the Republicans. He was a great president, right? If you are of that side of the plate of that ideology, and you had a president that left you 142 federal judgeships, I don't think you'd rate him as doing a good job. Hey, look at what happened in Iraq, look at what happened with ISIS, look at what happened with our military, look at what happened with our vets. Our vets are better taken care of now than they've ever been in the history of our country, but never forget they are coming after me because I am fighting for you. And that's true. That's true. And we're winning the fight and we're winning this election. This election, we are doing well. They refuse to say it. They refuse to say it, and they hate to say it. It just drives them crazy. But that night, remember they started off by saying, "This will be a very short evening for Donald Trump." That was Donald Trump in those days. Now, it's President Trump. I lost all my friends because of this position. I had friends. "Hey, Don, let's go to dinner." "Okay. Good, Richard. I'll go." Hey, Don, let's go." "Okay, Larry. I'll see you later. I'll meet you at a restaurant in New York." Everybody was nice and loose. You could have a great conversation, and you don't want to know what we talked about. It's just none of your business, but we were loose. All of a sudden, I'd become president of the United States. And these are a lot of … I know a lot of important people. Actually, the people I like the best are the people that are less successful because it makes you feel so powerful. I always say, never go out with a successful person. You'll understand. But I know a lot of very successful people, very, very successful. And now they call me up, "Mr. President, sir, would you like to get together sometime?" I say, "Loosen up. Yes, call me Donald. You've known me for 30 years, call me Donald." "Oh, thank you so much. Thank you, Mr. President, I appreciate it." I lost all my friends because it's respect for the office, let's face it. It's different. They used to be loose, they used to be great. You could sit back, I'm not a drinker, but you could sit back and have a drink, whatever the hell you're drinking. And now, you can't do that anymore. You can't do it anymore. So I have to rely on people in Congress to be my friends. And we just happened to have a couple tonight. And one of them who's been a great warrior and he's doing a fantastic job, I just saw you on television by the way, Bryan. Does everybody know Bryan Steil? Bryan Steil; young, handsome, but a warrior. When the fake impeachment happened, it was a total fake, what did we finish up with the Republicans? 197 to nothing, right at the house. One night, it was a fake impeachment. I got impeached over a perfect phone call of congratulations to the president of Ukraine, who I never met before. If you're going to do something, at least know him a little bit, right? I never met him. And then they said it was eight times, quid pro quo. That was Adam Schiff. Shifty Schiff, right? And he went before Congress and he repeated my conversation, except that he made it all up. Remember he repeated it? And then I said, "Ah, fortunately, we had that whole thing essentially recorded." I'm glad I did, but these are very deceptive, deceiving, sick people. And I said, "Well, he lied because there was no quid pro quo." It was a perfect conversation. But by that time it was too late because they had already embarrassed themselves by doing it. And Nancy Pelosi was all set. She loved doing it, she from day one, but she thought it was what Schiff said. When she saw the conversation, she said to her people, "What the hell did you get me into?" So they could have dropped it, but they said, "Let's give it a shot." He's another beauty, Mitt Romney. He's a real beauty. He couldn't get elected dog catcher right now in Utah. So we have another great one and he's really a friend of mine, and he's been solid. He loves his country and he loves his state, Glenn Grothman. Glenn, thank you very much, friend. And a man who just got elected, and he's from an area that I know very well, we did very well, we got our big, big, fat, beautiful contract that produced lots of jobs. But he was taking a legend's place, so it's never easy to replace a legend. That's Duffy, in case anybody … And they was running and we did a lot of work for him, and it was great. And he reacted very well under pressure. A lot of people don't react well under pressure. They choke, they choke. He was under a lot of pressure and he ended up winning by like 18 points. And now, he's your congressman. He's doing a great job. You got to vote for all these people on November 3rd, Tom Tiffany. Thank you, Tom. And we have a great congressional candidate, Derrick Van Orden. Where's Derrick? Derrick, good luck. I hear good things, Derrick. You got my total support. I hear very good things. I could only be supportive. Our record is like 222 and three, so I don't like to have a loss. And I support you a 100%, you know that. You have my total endorsement, all right? I hear you're fantastic. All right. And your former congressman who I hope is making a lot of money in the private sector because he deserves it, especially his wife, Rachel deserves it, she's just fantastic. He's fantastic because I know he's coming back into government in some form. He can come with us. He can stay here. He can maybe run for governor or maybe do something, Sean Duffy. Sean Duffy. No, but he was the World Champion tree climber. And I love sports, right? Anytime you know the world champion at anything, but especially that, and I'll never forget. I was asking about it. "How was it was?" He said, well, he broke his back numerous times. He broke a lot of bones. I said, "Let me ask you a question. How much harder was it to go up the tree than down?" He said, "It was easy going up." The hard part was coming down because if he missed, that was where the danger was, right? That was where the danger. But many times, world champion. Could you still do it today? "A little bit heavier," he said. You got to carry a little bit more weight. That's all right. That's not a good sign though, right? Anyway, great job. We love having you Rachel, thank you very much. You are a friend. Fox and friends, and plenty of other places, right? A lot of personality, a lot of personality. Rachel, she's been our friend from day one, I think from day one. And her fantastic family too. Tonight, we're also praying for everyone in the path of Hurricane Sally. We're out there working very hard. We are working in Florida and Alabama and Georgia. We have FEMA. We have everybody there. We just finished in … take a look, we just went to Louisiana, Texas. We're getting hit by some big hurricanes, but we have it under control. Really good. Our coast guard has been fantastic, by the way. Unbelievable, the bravery. They go into these storms. They go into these storms. They say, "How dangerous is it?" "Sir, it's very dangerous." I say, "Yeah. All right." He said, "Would you like to try it sometime?" I say, "Admiral, no, thank you. I'll take a pass." I think they might have a problem with me doing it, but I will tell you, they are … In Texas, they saved 16,000 people two years ago, the coast guard, US Coast Guard. I think there's no brand to me, that's gone up more than the US Coast Guard. So it's great that we're getting them new ships. Those ships are all coming in. Nice new ones, all built in the USA, beautiful ones. Most of them have already arrived. My administration will be by their side through every step. We're working again, very, very hard in the Panhandle. The Panhandle, we love the Panhandle. It got hit hard. We spent the last four years reversing the horrible damage Joe Biden inflicted over the last 47 years. We passed record tax cuts and regulation cuts. Nobody's ever done more, more than anybody else has ever done to keep our family farms in the family. We've virtually eliminated the unfair estate tax, also known as the death tax. So if you die in 100 years from now, and you have children who you love as opposed to children that you can stand … is anybody here they have children that they don't like, or perhaps can't stand? Because if you do, don't listen to the rest of this. But if you have a family that you love and you have a small business or farm or whatever, they were being put out of business. They'd have to go and borrow the money to pay the estate tax, the death tax. And it was a terrible thing. We got rid of it, so now you can leave your farm, your small business to your family. And just hope they remember you every once in a while. It's always a difficult situation, but it was. It was ruining farms. They'd have to go out and sell the farm, they'd have to go out and get partnerships, they'd have to go out and borrow money from banks. And then all of a sudden they're in foreclosure proceedings and they've never done that before. They don't have to worry about that anymore. If you love your family, that's a big deal. They've been trying to get that, Sean, for what, 30 years they've been trying to get that, right? Especially for the farmers, because it's that kind of a business. It's a great business, but it's day to day. You have a bad crop, all of a sudden you can't pay interest on a loan to pay your state tax, right? And they lose their farm. So we're not going to have that anymore. We achieved American energy independence for the first time. Totally independent. We don't have to be in those far away places unless we want to be. Biden pledged to abolish American oil, American jail, clean coal, natural gas. He said the fracking, I told you that, but we're not going to let him get away. We'll be bringing that up on occasion. For 47 years, Joe Biden crushed the dreams of Wisconsin workers and enriched foreign countries. That's what happened. Before I got here, what was happening with Japan? And we pay our deep respects to Prime Minister Abe of Japan, a great friend of all of ours, a great friend of mine. He's going to be leaving office very soon, like in a matter of a day. And he was a great gentleman. He's a tough negotiator, I'll tell you that. He made very good deals against the United States, but he's somebody that's going to be missed. He's a great gentleman. He championed every special interest, Biden, every special interest. And he sold out on trade. He sold out like almost nobody ever before. Earlier this year, I kept my promise to American workers when we ended the NAFTA nightmare and signed the brand new US-Mexico-Canada Agreement into law. I saved the US auto industry by withdrawing from the last administration's job killing catastrophe, the Trans-Pacific Partnership. You ever hear of that beauty? That would have really hit you. In 2017, I signed a historic executive order making government policy to buy American and hire American. I'm watching this Biden and he's got his sign in front, "Buy American. Oh, by American." I've been saying that for like 20 years, right? Where the hell has this guy been? They were actually accusing him of plagiarism. I also took the toughest ever action to stand up to China's rampant theft of Wisconsin jobs. And it's all jobs, but you got hit particularly hard. Biden has vowed to remove those tariffs and allow China to resume its pillaging. He wants to take the tariffs off that are paying us tens of billions of dollars a year. I fought like hell to keep them into the China deal and he wants to remove them. So tens of billions of dollars, billions and billions, I gave it to the farmers. I gave it to a lot of people, but I gave most of it by far, to the US Treasury. He wants to take them off. So let me just ask you just a very innocent question. There's a young man, about four years old up front, I think he could give the answer. Who do you think would like to have China? How do you think China would feel about this election? In one case, they paid billions and billions of dollars a month to the US. We never got ever, 25 cents from China. In the other case, he said, "We're going to take them off." I think they might be inclined to go for Sleepy Joe. This is like a dream for China. Joe Biden's agenda is made in China. My agenda is made in the USA. It's very simple. So we did many things. Not only China, not only the $28 billion farmers. We did so much and I'm proud to announce that I'm doing even more to support Wisconsin farmers. Starting next week, my administration is committing an additional, you've been asking for this for a long time, $13 billion in relief to help farmers recover from the China virus, including Wisconsin's incredible dairy, cranberry and ginseng farmers who got hurt badly. Been after that money for a long time. When the Wisconsin timber industry was threatened, I imposed tariffs on dumped foreign timber and subsidized products, saving many, many timber jobs in your state. If Joe Biden gets in, the radical left will shut down Wisconsin's timber production for environmental reasons. Do you believe that? Oh, boy. It's so sad to see it, and that would happen. But we can't let that happen. We've come too far. We're so good. If that virus hadn't hit us, and it did, and it hit the whole world, but if it hadn't hit us, we would have numbers the likes of which nobody thought were even remotely possible. But it did, and we saved a lot of lives. They keep saying, "Oh, they just …" By the way, if we had two people die, they would have said he did a terrible job. If we had 100 people die, if we had 1000, no matter what we do. We have trade deals. We announced a trade deal, everybody is saying how great it is. Schumer and Pelosi see it, they have no idea what the deal is, "We don't like the deal." Did you look at it? "Oh, of course, we looked at it. It doesn't have tariffs. Oh no, it does have tariffs." They know nothing about the deal. Automatically, anything we do, they just take the reverse. But you know what? I'd probably do it to them too, so I can't complain. And perhaps no issue have our opponents more thoroughly betrayed working families of all backgrounds than on the subject of immigration. Under my administration, we've achieved the most secure border in American history. We ended the catch and release. You know what catch and release is? You catch up them, they may be a killer, they may be a criminal at the highest order, you take their name. Then you're supposed to bring them to a court, like Perry Mason, right? But we actually catch them, take their name, release them, say, "Come back in about four years for your court case." We ended all this stuff. And you think that was easy? It wasn't easy, let me tell you. It was tough, but we have a really good, secure border. And the president of Mexico has been terrific. We right now have 27,000 soldiers from Mexico guarding our border, free of charge. We stopped asylum fraud, and we've deported 20,000 gang members and over a half a million criminal illegal aliens of the worst kind. We're enforcing the clear requirement that newcomers to our country must be financially self-sufficient and not reliant on welfare. They have to sign a document. We invested $2. 5 trillion in the US military, including major contracts to build new warships that helped save the historic shipyard in Marinette. How about that? I was there two months ago. Marinette. That's a great company, but it was having a hard time. And now, they're building, what was that, like $6 billion worth of ships? And their beauties. They've started already, and we worked very hard on that. And we had a lot of help from your congressman on that one, because a lot of people wanted that contract. But we got it for Wisconsin, remember that. We launched the first new branch of the United States Armed Forces in nearly 75 years. That's right, the Space Force. The fact is, and somebody said it on the other side, an opponent said whether you like it or not, Trump actually did more as president than he promised during the campaign. Like Space Force, that's a big deal. Think of it; army, navy, air force, marine. … Think of it, Army, Navy, Air Force, Marines, Coast Guard, right. Think of it. I mean, that's all you heard your whole life, right. The Army, the Navy, the Air Force, the Marines, Coast Guard; and now, we have the Space Force. You know what a big deal, first time in 75 years, it's a new one. Last one was 75 years ago. The Air Force, right. That's a big thing. I never talked about that on the campaign, I never even thought about it. When I became president, I said, "We have to do this." Because I saw what Russia was doing, and I saw what China was doing. And, they've created their Space Forces, I said, "What are we going to do?, not have it." It's going to end up being maybe your most important or certainly one of your most important because that's where it's at, in terms of defense, in terms of offense. We passed VA choice and VA accountability for our great veterans that we had the other day. Veterans satisfaction, 91 percent, the highest score we've ever received. You haven't noticed, remember years ago, every story, every night, the Nightly News, you'd always have horrible stories about the VA, you don't see it anymore. Now, I don't want to give them any ideas, because they'll search all over the country for a vet who's unhappy. I'm hurting myself by telling this story. This is not a good story. But remember that, every night you'd have these horror stories about the VA. You don't see that anymore. 91 percent approval rating. I kept my promise recognized the Capital of Israel and opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem. I recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights and we achieve the first breakthrough in the Middle East peace; and, you saw that two days ago, UAE, Bahrain, Israel, nobody thought it was even possible. I saw John Kerry on television the other day. "It is not possible." Then we waited a little while. He went very, very strong, "It is not possible." And, it was not only possible, we have many countries that are joining us very soon. We killed the founder and the leader, the vicious leader of ISIS, al-Baghdadi, we killed him. And, we also took out the world's number one terrorist and the mass murder of American troops and many, many troops and many people, all over the world. Qasem Soleimani is dead, he's dead, bad guy, bad guy, very bad guy. We kept America out of new wars and we're bringing our troops back home. No one has been more wrong, more often than sleepy Joe Biden. He voted for the Iraq War, he supported the defense sequester that gutted our military. I took over a military that was totally depleted, like. Hillary Clinton deleted, as opposed to depleted, she depleted them too; but, she deleted 33,000 emails. When is somebody going to pull the spring? Ah, come on fellows. No, that's terrible. 33,000 emails. Try going to court sometime on a civil case, and when you go before the judge, he'll say, "Did you delete those emails?" "Did you get rid of those texts?" "Did you this…, Right." And, now they caught Weissmann and all these guys cleaning their phones because they were under investigation, and they cleaned their phones. How many were there? 21, but they were like 33 phones. And yet, look what they do to General Flynn, and some of these people that did nothing. They cleaned their criminals, yeah, that's criminal, it's criminal, they're criminals. They talk and talk and talk, they're criminals. They clean their phone, so you don't have any of the information, but that's a big problem for them, I would imagine. It's a disgrace that they can do it. But, Hillary got rid of… She deleted and acid-wash, right. Who acid-washed? Did you ever… And, she also used to bang them with a hammer, remember that, we forgot that, right. So, let's see what happens with all of that stuff. I think Bill Barr's doing an excellent job, I have to tell you. And, he's fighting a very bad establishment in Washington. There's some bad apples in that whole deal. But, if you think that Biden opposed the mission to take out of Osama bin Laden, he was against it. He opposed the killing of Soleimani. He oversaw the rise of ISIS, what a mistake. And, he cheered the rise of China as a very positive development for America and the world, I don't think so. I don't think so. It's not been too positive. If it were up to sleepy, Joe Biden, bin Ladin and Soleimani, would be alive. ISIS would still be on the rampage and China would now be the dominant power in the world and there not even close, I will tell you. We have weaponry, the likes of which nobody's seen. 2.5 trillion buys you some good stuff, especially when we have the finest scientific minds and military minds in the world. We have weapons, the likes of which nobody's seen, and just hope to God, we never have to use them. I say that, and I say, it's strongly. Hope that we never have to use them. My attitude was that, and I've learned this a long time ago, by having them, we keep ourselves out of war, as opposed to bringing ourselves in war. But, we have built and created weapons, the likes of which this world has never seen before. And, we don't have to talk about it too much, nor do I really want to talk about it. When I ban travel from China, Biden called it hysterical and xenophobic, he said, "He's xenophobic." What does that mean? Joe, tell me. Biden also opposed my plan to ban Europe, I saw what was happening in France and Spain and Italy, and highly infected, we banned Europe. If we had insisted and listened to Joe and insisted on doing what so many other people said doing, which is, "You don't have to do the ban." Hundreds of thousands of more Americans would have died from the plague. Biden was willing to sacrifice American lives, on the altar of open borders. And now, I hear him talking, he should have followed me. This guy did the swine flu, right, it was a catastrophe. And, the man that headed up the swine flu, I won't use his name because I'd like to have him have a nice evening, because I can't imagine the democrats are thrilled. He said, "It was a horrible job, we had no idea what we were doing, it was a disaster." He said, "It was a disaster." And now, Biden's telling us how to do what we're doing so well on, what other countries are calling me and congratulating me on the incredible job. And I got sleepy, Joe Biden, trying to tell me how to do it. And, his own man who headed it up, swine flu, it's H1N1 swine flu. Joe called it, N1H1. I keep saying Joe, Joe, it's H1N1, right. I said, "It's easier to remember because H comes before N," but he can't do it. And then, you saw what he said the other day under a Harris-Biden administration. That was a disaster. I never said under a Pence Trump administration, he said, "Under a Harris-Biden administration." And, what made it worse, is she said the same thing. That was terrible, right. Sean, right. Did you hear that? They are a disaster together. Through our historic relief programs, we saved more than 1 million Wisconsin jobs and 87,000 Wisconsin businesses, that's not too bad. And, Biden would demolish all of those games, and we've done similar things in other states. He would destroy your social security, totally destroy it, and destroy protections for preexisting conditions. They want to go to social medicine, they want to go to social… You know that, right. You do know that. They want social healthcare where you don't… Remember Obama 28 times, you can keep your doctor, you can keep your plan, that didn't work out too well, right. Why haven't they looked into that one, 28 times. Well, under Medicare for All, but it's basically socialized healthcare, you will never have your doctor, you will never have your plan. You'll have horrible healthcare. You're going to wait long times, long times. And, he wants to wipe out 180 million private healthcare plans that people love, 180 million plans. I don't think so. I don't think he's going to make it. How do you get elected? Let's say you're doing, not only here, let's say Texas, right, he's against oil, he's against God and he's against guns. That's a tough combination in Texas. How does that apply? Now, he's against religion. They won't open these blue states, they will not open your churches. They won't open them. And, I think they have an ulterior motive. One thing they have is, probably everything opens on November 4th, you understand that. And, they better be careful, those paper ballots you talk about, a bad thing, just get out and vote, get out and vote. And, if you have to go that route, make sure they have it counted. And, they know it's trouble. They just had another election today, fellows, where it's a disaster. The votes come in, they have no idea, they can't count them. And, I don't mean they're off by a little bit, they're off by 20 percent, 25 percent. There's fraud. There's missing ballots. They have a woman in New York who is a terrible congresswoman, you know that. Carolyn Maloney. They gave her an election, they can't even find the ballots. And, they gave her a victory, and they cant find that the guy that is against her, who did very well, even though he's even more progressive, I don't even know what she is. I've known her for 25 years. I don't think she's progressive. I think she's whatever she has to be. But this guy, probably or possibly beat her. So, rightfully he's not too happy. And, they called the election for her and they can't find the ballots. Wants to force you to provide free healthcare to illegal aliens, you remember he raised his hand, that will totally drain your wonderful Medicare. Remember the question up there, he's standing up, " Who is willing to give free healthcare to illegal aliens." And, everybody raises their hands like fast. Kamala was right up there. By the way, that will destroy your country, you do know that. Because you can't afford it, and Biden's looking around, "Oh, they all raise their hand." He goes, remember. I remember. I said, "Well, there it goes, the election for him." He's end our travel bans on jihadist regions and increase refugee admissions by over 700 percent. And, that's the deal he made with Bernie Sanders, opening the flood gates to terror, afflicted nations. But I predict the Sanders people are going to vote for us, like they did the last time. We had a tremendous…. Because they love my stance on trade, because I know trade, and I was telling him much more so, than even Bernie. But Bernie, is right on that subject, that other countries, including our so-called allies are ripping us off on trade. Biden opposes, school choice and vowed to ban charter schools. Did you know that? Does everybody like charter schools? Everybody likes choice. In the second term, I will provide school choice to every parent in America. We're all set up to get it done. A vote for republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for all Americans. It's really a vote for the American dream, instead of letting Washington change us. And, despite all that we've all gone through. We are changing Washington, that's what's been happening. And, just in conclusion, and I hate concluding with you because I like you. I like you. I don't know why the hell I like Wisconsin, but for some reason. You know what helps so, as you know for weeks before the election, she was four up, crooked Hillary, four up, four up, four up, I kept saying, "Do you think we're going to win?" And I will say, Sean Duffy said, "You're going to win." He actually said, "Don't worry about it." Right, Sean. I said, "Sean do you think we're going to win here?" I don't like these polls, but four down. He said, "Sir, you're going to win so easy." And, early in the night, they said, "Donald Trump has won the state of Wisconsin." And, so when I'm here, speaking in the freezing cold, I'm lucky they had… I said, "Do you think we have…?" It's very warm in New York and very warm in Washington, it was hot actually. And I said, "Do you think we have a coat on the plane?" They said, "Yes." I said, "What's the temperature?" "Sir, it's 49 degrees." I said, "How about giving me a coat?" They have everything on Air Force One, that's the great thing. Got more televisions in any plane in history. They've got televisions in closets, on floors, on ceiling. But, over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world. And, we will end our reliance on China once and for all. We'll make our medical supplies right here in the United States, and right here in the great state of Wisconsin. We will rapidly return to full employment, that's happening very fast, soaring economies; and the record prosperity will be even greater than it was, last year. We will hire more police, increase penalties on assaults of law enforcement, surge federal prosecutors into high crime communities. And, we will ban sanctuary cities, which are deadly. We will appoint prosecutors, judges, and justices who believe in enforcing the law, not their own political agenda. We will ensure equal justice for citizens of every race, color, religion, and creed. We will defend the dignity of work and the sanctity of life. We will uphold religious Liberty, free speech and the right to keep and bear Arms. We will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens, and we will keep America out of endless Foreign Wars. And, you remember with me, they thought because of my personality, they said, "He'll be in war the first week." What happened to the war? Remember, we were going to be in war with North Korea. Hillary would have been in war with North Korea. It would have been a nasty one too. But remember, everybody said, I was going to be in war. Everybody said, "Oh, maybe I'll do something with social security." And, I did. I saved it and made it stronger. And now, I'm going to make it even stronger. And, they're going to get rid of your social security because everything's going to come collapsing down. You will have a depression. If he gets in, they're going to raise interest rates. They're going to raise your taxes, you will have a depression. The likes of which this country has never seen before. And, your 401k's and your stocks and jobs will go down in flames. I just say it here, hopefully we're never going to experience it, but that's what's going to happen. We will maintain America's unrivaled military might, and we will ensure peace through strength. We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, which I've already signed. Further reduced health insurance premiums, or the costs of prescription drugs, which are coming down now. You know, I signed favored nations clauses, their drug companies are not happy with me, I will tell you. They never thought it was possible and rebate clauses. They never thought anybody would do that to them. They made enough money for a long time. It's time, you got a big break. We will strongly protect Medicare and social security. And, we will always protect patients with preexisting conditions, always, you have a pledge. We will land the first woman on the moon and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars. And, NASA is now the hottest space center anywhere in the world. And, when I took over three and a half years ago, there was grass growing in the runways, you know that it was closed down, it was a mess. We are now the hottest in the world. You see what's going up. And, we've got a lot of rich guys sending them up too. I liked that better. I said, "Let them do it." Rich guys like rockets, I don't know, they like rocket, boom. I see dollars going right up, but they need a good place to launch. We have the best places. We have the best places, so it's been incredible what we've done with NASA. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our schools. We're already there again. We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history and always respect our great American flag. And, we will live by the timeless works of our national motto, In God We Trust. For years, you had a president who apologized for America. Now, you have a president who is standing up for America, and standing up for the State of Wisconsin. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your coworkers, get everybody and get out and vote, November 3rd. From Milwaukee to Madison, from Oshkosh to La Crosse. From Green Bay, how the Packers doing so far? Good team, good people, to right here in… Give me the proper pronunciation. That's right, thank you, that's what I said. We inherit the legacy of generations of Wisconsin Patriots, who gave their blood, sweat, and tears for this beloved nation. We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the oceans, blazed the trails, settled the continent, tamed a wilderness, dug out the Panama Canal, laid down the railroads, revolutionized industry, won two World Wars, defeated fascism and communism; and made America the single greatest nation in the history of the world. And, you haven't seen anything yet. Proud citizens like you, helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And together, with the incredible people of Wisconsin, we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you, Wisconsin. Thank you. Thank you.
 Thank you very much everybody. Thank you. Wow. I will never, ever let you down, that I can tell you. Amazing. And I want to thank Manchester and New Hampshire, they're very special. You remember those primaries? That primary came around and remember what happened during the primary? Trump should come in third or fourth, and we came in easily number one, and that was the beginning. That was an easy one. I want to thank you all. This is incredible and it's great to be back in a state that I love with thousands of hardworking Patriots, who are the heart and soul of America. And that's what you are. We're actually here today to officially launch our campaign to win the great state of New Hampshire in 2020. And I saw some fake polls put out by the fake news media, and it said that I'm tied with three of the other candidates, the Democrats, I'm tied in New Hampshire. I don't think so. One of them has a rally, he's got 100 people. So this holds 12,000 we're full. And we could fill it up four times at least. We could fill it up four times. But I just want to thank you all. I just think it's going to be a tremendous four years. We're going to have a tremendous four years. Can you believe it? We only have a little more than a year to go, where it all started, right? The greatest political movement in the history of our country. And even though we had fake witch hunts on our back and all the other things that we had to go through, we have taken this big beautiful ship, and it's being turned around very quickly. Three years ago, we campaigned across the country on a pledge to make America great again. And that's exactly what we've done. I think we can honestly say it's the greatest slogan in the history of politics in America. Make America great again. So if you don't mind, the other candidates go, they spend millions and millions of dollars on this question that I'm going to ask you. They spend millions. You remember the first slogan from our opponent? That's right, neither do I. Neither does anybody. Nobody remembers. The only thing I remember is the first night I went out after I heard it and I said, see, it's all about her. And they immediately changed it after spending like a million dollars. It's all about her. That didn't work out too well. That slogan wasn't too good. So we have to do this. We have to make a decision. Do you give up the greatest slogan in the history of politics in our country? Make America great again, right? Do we give up make America great again for a new slogan, because look, our country is doing great. We are doing very well with China despite the fact that they want to have you believe in the contrary. All you have to do is say China, how you doing? They're not too happy, they're not too happy. They're losing millions of jobs. The tariffs are working, and they're eating the tariffs by the way. There's no price increase. You know, you gotta talk to these people. The fake news. But do we give up? And by the way, the biggest beneficiary, you know who have been great? Our great farmers have been so incredible because they've been targeted by China, and frankly they've been targeted for a long time, including by incompetent politicians that have run this country for a long time. So we're making up for a lot of lost ground. But do we give up make America great for keep America great? Keep America great. Okay, you ready? Ready? I love this because it's free. And we have all the time in the world, right? Is there anything better than a Trump rally? What about a sleepy Joe Biden rally? Well, he's made some beauties. I sort of hope it's him. I don't mind any of them. You got Pocahontas is rising. We got Kamala. Kamala is falling. You got Beto. Beto is like gone. All right, we'll see what happens. Whoever it is, I don't know that it matters, but whoever it is different, different people. But I don't know, I think sleepy Joe may be able to limp across the finish line. But today they announced that they're going to cut way back on his appearances because he is such a disaster, they're going to have fewer appearances. You've heard that, right? They're going to cut way back on his appearances. Can you believe it? If I ever did that, it would be over. The fake news would get us, but we don't let them get us and it is fake. And today the deputy editor of the New York times was demoted. Isn't that beautiful? All the news that is not fit to print. All the news, the fake failing New York Times. It's really we, it's not me. We're doing it together. They came from the Hills, they came from the mountains, from the rivers, they came from all over the place. And they showed up and they voted like nobody's seen before. And it was 306 to 223, remember? 306. And we won Wisconsin and they said, "Oh, we never thought of that." Got to think about those things. And we won Michigan. And now we have a lot of car companies coming into Michigan, and we have a lot of great farming events happening, really big in Wisconsin. And we have incredible things going on in Pennsylvania. We just opened up a $10 billion plant. We have many of them going up. Many of them, a lot of jobs. In Louisiana, an LNG plant $10 billion. Could never have happened, could never have happened. Pennsylvania would have never happened. They wouldn't have allowed him to frack. So they would've never been able to build it. But what a place that is, it will be open in a little more than a year, but I have to make a decision. It's a big decision. Do we give up the greatest theme, phrase, logo, whatever you want to call it, in the history of politics, risky, for a brand new one because make America great again. We're really sort of there, and we have a little time left. And now we have a group of socialists or communists, could be. They're not far away. The fake news will hit me on that. How dare he say that? But they're not far away, right? They're not far away. 95%. Does anybody want to pay 95% taxes? I don't think so. But I'm not going to go into their plan because as far as I'm concerned, the green new deal is a beautiful thing. No, it's a beautiful thing. We want it to continue onward until about a month before the election. I will let them have it like you've never heard before. I don't want it to change. Too early. It's like Elizabeth Warren. I did the Pocahontas thing. I hit her really hard, and it looked like she was down and out, but that was too long ago. I should've waited. But don't worry. We will revive it. It can be revived. It can be rewritten, right? It will be revived and it can be revived very easily and very quickly. And we're going to have some fun in the state of New Hampshire. Now what do we do, ready? Let me have first make America great again, then keep America great, right? Just applaud like crazy for the one you want to use for this campaign. And there's a possibility we'll use both. There's a possibility we'll use both 'cause I hate like hell to give up the one. Is it a possibility we'll use both? Maybe one a little bit less. Are you ready? So we'll start make America great again, and then keep America. Are you ready? Who's in favor of the campaign theme being make America great again? Who's in favor of our theme being keep America great? Oh, wait a minute. This is your hat. I was going to keep it actually. Thank you. So that's really been the reaction. I've done this before. Big crowds, and it really is keep America great because we have these socialists want to take it away from us. They want to take it away. Because until a couple of days ago, and that'll catch up very quickly, we have no choice. By the way, I never said China was going to be easy, but it's not tough and they want to make a deal. We just spoke to them yesterday. They want to make a deal. They want to make a deal. They have to make a deal. And you know what? It'd be wonderful to make a deal. I don't think we're ready to make a deal. We're taking in billions of dollars in tariffs. And again, China's devaluing their currency. They're pouring out money, the prices haven't gone up. So that means we're taking in billions of dollars. We're not paying for it. And ultimately their devaluations are going to hurt them very badly. They want to make a deal, and they should want to make a deal. But when you listen to the fake news, look at how many there are. I mean, I actually had something today. I had something today. Are we sure that we're in New Hampshire? You know, you have a reputation. I mean, I know it's not true 'cause I know you too well. You have a reputation of being very stayed, very, very elegant, stayed, incredible people. You're not acting it tonight, and that's good. That's a good thing. Wow. We love our country. We have enthusiasm for our country. That's what it is. Before the election, our factories were closing. Hey, who knows it better than you? You're like central casting for the closing of factories. Our jobs were vanishing. Our military was totally depleted. When I took over, our military was sad. We weren't flying half of our planes, they were old. They were tired. Our equipment was tired. Our people weren't tired, though. Our people weren't tired. But everything we had, it was depleted. Now we've rebuilt our military like never before. And all made in the USA, just so you know. And our nation was weakened at home and disrespected abroad. They don't disrespect us anymore, folks. I got NATO to pay an extra hundred billion dollars. They weren't paying. They were delinquent. Many nations were, except for seven. Many nations weren't paying what they were supposed to be paying, so we're supposed to protect them. They kill us on trade. They have all sorts of barriers and everything else. The taxes are really unfair. The tariffs were ridiculous, what they do to us in Europe. And then we protect them. Then they don't pay, and I say, "I'm sorry folks, you have to pay. You have to pay." They were delinquent, they were delinquent. And my biggest fan is secretary General Stoltenberg from NATO. He said until president Trump came along, we were going, boom. They would've been finished very quickly, but I'm tired of paying for other nations anyway, I have to be honest with you. Today, our nation is stronger than ever before. We're now stronger than ever before. You saw we ended the Iran disaster. How about that? We paid them a $150 billion. $1.8 billion in cash. Cash, cash, cash. We got nothing. And they also want to make a deal. China wants to make a deal, and I will tell you Iran wants to make a deal because the sanctions are not good for them. They are not happy. So we'll see how it all turns out. But it's in good hands. It's in good hands. The United States right now has the hottest economy anywhere in the world. We're rebuilding that awesome might that we were just talking about. Our United States armed forces. America is working again. America is winning again, and America is respected again, respected like never before. They respect us again, and you see it. You know, a recent poll came out where it showed that president Obama was more popular in Germany and other places than I am. And I said, of course he's more popular. He's not demanding that they pay for their protection that we provide. He's not doing that. I'm doing that. And in fact, if I was the most popular, I'm not doing my job right. So true. We've created over six million new jobs since the election. If I would have said that during the campaign, those people back there would have been headlines, headlines. More than seven million Americans have been lifted off of food stamps. Since my election, the number of new businesses starting in the great state of New Hampshire has skyrocketed by almost 25%. And you can't really go by my election. You gotta go by November 9th because the markets have gone through the roof since November 9th. That's the day after I won the election. So I won the election. The markets went up thousands of points. Things started happening. You started doing things that you would've never. Even though I didn't get sworn in until January 20th, but they refused to do that. And let me tell you, if for some reason I wouldn't have won the election, these markets would have crashed. That'll happen even more so in 2020. See the bottom line is I know you like me and this room is a love fest, I know that. But you have no choice but to vote for me because your 401ks down the tubes. Everything's going to be down the tubes, so whether you love me or hate me, you got to vote for me. I had a businessman the other day, one of the most successful guys in the country. I've never liked him, never liked him. He never liked me, I never liked him. I see him in the white house. I said, "What are you doing here?" He said, I'm working to make sure you get elected." I said, "You've got to be kidding. You don't like me. I don't like you. What the hell is this all about?" He said, "That's right. We've had our differences. I haven't liked you, but to be honest with you, Mr. President, I have no choice." I said, "You're right. You're right." First thing I've ever heard him say that I agreed with, he's got no choice. He got no choice. Unemployment in New Hampshire has reached the lowest rate in actually 31 years. But within a very short period of time, it will be the lowest rate in the history of our country. Think of that. You have the best unemployment, you have the most successful state in the history of your state, and in the history of our country. And then you're going to vote for somebody else? Oh, great. Let's vote for Elizabeth Pocahontas Warren. We have the best numbers we've ever had. Let's vote for somebody else. I don't think that's going to happen, folks. I don't think that's going to happen. Only with fixed poles does that happen? Unemployment for African Americans. You've heard me say this many times, and I'm very proud of it. Hispanic Americans and Asian Americans have all reached their lowest rates ever recorded in the history of our county. Wages are rising quickly. Remember when I used to say people have been working two and three jobs making less money than they made 21 years ago? I used to say it all the time. Now I can say for the first time in 20 years, wages are rising, and you know who's the biggest beneficiary? Blue collar workers. My administration is fighting to expand opportunity for citizens of every background and every race, religion, color, and creed. Very important. Because we are all Americans. We all share the same home. We all share the same heart. We all share the same dreams. We are all children of the same Almighty God. But at the very moment when our country should be coming together to enjoy these wonderful blessings, the radical Democrats are trying to tear America apart. They vilify anyone who doesn't share their extreme views. They slander our law enforcement heroes. You see what they're doing with our police that we love. You see what they're doing. Has anyone ever seen anything like the water being thrown on New York's finest? Have you ever seen? And I know a lot of New York's finest. They're not happy, they're not happy. And they are great people. These are great, great, proud people. For that to be allowed to happen is a disgrace. They view everybody as fascist and Nazis. They used the term Nazi. This was a term, you couldn't even use it. Now they use it like on a regular basis. Nazi. He's a Nazi. Think of that. He's a Nazi. You couldn't use it. Now they use it. They accuse our heroic border agents of running concentration camps, and they do an incredible job. And the Democrats don't want to fix the loopholes or asylum. They do an incredible job, our border agents. And they looked down upon the hardworking citizens who truly make our country run. But while the Democrats rage and resist … That guy's got a serious weight problem. Go home, start exercising. Get him out of here please. You got a bigger problem than I do. Got a bigger problem than all of us. Now he goes home and his mom says, "What the hell have you just done?" We are continuing our incredible movement, the greatest political movement in the history of our country. There's never been a movement like this. Never. Our movement is built on love, and it is, and we love our family. We love our faith. We love our flag, and we love our freedom, and that's what it's about. And add to that the fact that we love our neighbors and we love our- … the fact that we love our neighbors and we love our country. Together we are all united by one fundamental principal. A nation's first duty must always be to its own citizens, it's own. We've got to take care of our own. You haven't heard that from a politician or a political leader in a long time. It's called America First. It's America First. We're thrilled to be joined tonight by many tremendous Republican leaders and great friends of mine, a man who's doing an incredible job as your governor, because I want to take 100% of the credit for the incredible turnaround of New Hampshire, and I remember it not so long ago, things were not looking good. People were leaving, a lot of bad things were happening, but we have to give him a lot of credit. He's been a great governor, Chris Sununu, with a great father too, great father. With a great father… His father was tough. Chris, your father was so tough. He was for somebody else in the primaries, and then one by one… I won here, I won there, I won there. And then when I won his father got on and I said, "Oh, this guy kills me. He's so tough," and he said, "President Trump will be the greatest of all time. I said, "What happened? What happened?" He went from being the toughest critic to the best there is. So I want to say hello to your father, okay Chris? You'll tell him. Great guy. What a family. What a family. Thank you for Chris. New Hampshire Senate Republican leader, Chuck Morse. Chuck. Thanks, Chuck. New Hampshire House Republican leader, Dick Hinch. Thank you, Dick. Thank you, Dick. Great job. A man who was with me right from the beginning. In fact, he had a meeting at his house. His house has never been the same. His house is a disaster now. Like somebody said he just sold it. But you know what? Because of the Trump economy, I'll bet he sold it for a big, big, fat, beautiful profit. Where is Steve? Steve Stepanek and his wife, who's incredible. Did you make a lot of money on the house? We destroyed the house. This was the beginning. He held some kind of a meeting for me, and he has a nice house, but literally hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of people showed up and they destroyed his house. It's never been the same. No wonder you sold it. They finally gave up, and that was four years ago. Anyway, thank you very much both for being here. I appreciate it. What great people. Thank you, Steve. Great job. And I hope the buyer of his house didn't hear that little… Steve. I hope the buyer didn't hear what I just said about your house. He'll cancel… That's all right. You'll sell it for more to somebody else, don't worry. Republican party chair, Ronna McDaniel. You know, Ronna headed up Michigan, and for many, many years nobody won Michigan as a Republican. But I used to complain, I'd go there and I'd say "They're stealing your car business." I'd go for years. In fact, five or six years before I even thought about running, for whatever reason, they named me Man of the Year in Michigan. I said, "How come?" I didn't even understand it myself, but I was named Man of the Year. I wasn't even political. That was years before I did this. But I was always complaining that our car business is being stolen. I mean, it's sort of obvious, right? Mexico now has 32% of our car business. It all left the state of Michigan. We are bringing it back at a level that nobody's ever seen before, our car business. But I went to Michigan and my opponent was told that the Republicans, no way you can win Michigan, or Wisconsin, that you just can't. And we had a campaign manager named Ronna McDaniel, and Ronna wouldn't stop. "Sir, can you be here next week?" I say, "I don't know." Then I leave and she said, "Sir, can you come back in three days?" I said, "I don't know." Then I do it and she said, "How about another time?" And then on election night she said, "Sir," it was six o'clock the day before the election. In other words, just a short while before the election. She calls me, "Sir, can you be here tonight?" I said "Tonight?" And by the way, you know where I was? I was in New Hampshire. That's right. She said, "Sir, can you be here tonight?" I said, "Are you sure?" I started speaking at one o'clock in the morning. Now it's election day. We had 32,000 people show up. It was like this. The crowd was just, they want to see things happen in our country. They love our country. It went crazy. I left and I said, "I don't know why going to lose Michigan. Why would we lose Michigan? Look at this." The opponent went there with Barack Obama and Michelle Obama and she went there much earlier. Prime time, one o'clock, two o'clock in the morning is not exactly prime time. We had 32,000 and they had a tiny little crowd, and I looked at my people and I said, "I know we're not supposed to win the great state of Michigan, but I think we're going to win Michigan" and we won Michigan and we won Wisconsin. We won Wisconsin. Wisconsin was a great victory, and we won Pennsylvania, and we won North Carolina and South Carolina, and we won Florida, and I hate to tell you we should've won New Hampshire. That was taken away. New Hampshire was taken away. It was taken away from us, but we should've. We did great in New Hampshire. We should've won New Hampshire, but that's okay. I'm not holding it against you because it was not your fault. But we had a woman in Michigan and I said, "When it came time to choosing the head of the Republican National Committee," I said, "Who the hell is that woman up in Michigan that got me to keep coming there and explaining that we can't continue to lose our car business?" We have 17 companies now coming back in. "Who is that woman?" And it was Ronna. We put her in charge of the Republican National Committee. The job that she has done is incredible. Thank you. The same with another man, our campaign manager. He started off as a computer genius, and remember when they used to say that the Hillary Clinton campaign is highly sophisticated, highly… She did a lot of bad things folks. 33,000 emails deleted after getting a subpoena from the United States Congress, 33,000. Remember she said it was about her daughter's wedding and yoga classes, 33,000, yes. it was disgraceful. I will tell you this, we now have a great attorney general. A fair guy, a great gentleman. Another man who's here tonight is the world's tallest campaign manager. He is an unbelievable talent. But they were saying about our opponents… I'm not going to mention the name again because we'll never get it finished here, so I'll just say my opponent. Is that better? They were saying how sophisticated her campaign was. Except ours was far more sophisticated, and we had a man that did an incredible job. He's now our campaign manager and he's one of the tallest human beings I've ever seen. His name is Brad Parscale and he is fantastic. It's nice when you don't have to look for anybody. You just look over and you see a guy who's twice as tall as everyone. Great job, Brad. Thank you. How we doing, Brad? Good. Doing good. Got great poll numbers. We've got great poll numbers in a lot of states, Ohio, Iowa. You know Iowa, every week that they campaign our numbers go up. They're winning Iowa. We gave them ethanol, which is very important. A lot of things for Iowa, but every week we seem to be going up in Iowa because they're campaigning in Iowa. Wherever they go, our numbers go up. Somebody's going to have to explain that one to me someday, but we like it. A man who's a friend of mine who was the greatest mayor in the history of New York City. Stand up, Rudy. Stand up, Rudy. Rudy Giuliani. Man, he did a job in the first year. I've never seen anything like it. New York was crime infested. We had problems. We had problems like nobody would believe. Rudy went in there and he did the job and people loved him for it. It wasn't like, "Oh gee, he's a horrible person." People loved Rudy Giuliani. He was a great, great mayor. So thank you, Rudy, for being here. The first person that I put on on the campaign, he was driving me wild. He said, "I'm saying you can win, sir. You can win. I'm telling you, you can win." He loves this state. He's from this state. He said, "You can win, sir. I'm just telling you." I had him on for month after month. He'd come drive me crazy. He'd say, "You can win, you can win, you can win." And finally we said, "Let's give it a shot." And I had Corey, I had Hope, I had just a couple of people. We had a rather lean and mean staff. But Corey Lewandowski loves your state, loves New Hampshire. He was the first one that talked about us possibly winning the whole big ballgame. He's tough and he's smart and I'm hearing he's thinking about running for the Senate from New Hampshire. There we go. I think he'd be tough to beat. I'll tell you one thing, he'll go into Washington and he's going to have you in mind. He's going to do a job if he does do it, so we'll see what happens. He hasn't made up his mind yet, but he would be fantastic. I guess it's something you go back and you talk to your family, you talk to your wife and you make a decision. They're all saying, "Are you going to support him?" I said, "I don't know if he's running." So Corey, let us know please, if you don't mind. Let us know. Our shared Republican agenda is pro worker, pro jobs, pro family, pro growth, and 100% pro American. For decades and decades the permanent politicians in Washington pursued the very opposite. They sold out our workers. You see it. You know it better than any place. When I talk about the horrors of NAFTA, the horrors of trade deals… I mean, I'm sorry to tell you this, I usually refer to New Hampshire. Nobody took it worse than new England and nobody took it worse than New Hampshire. Now, here's the good news. I would never let that happen again and Chris will never let that happen again. Is there a doctor, please? Doctor in the house? Thank you. Doctor in the house. Please, doctor, please. Thank you very much. Take your time. Yeah, take your time. Thank you. Take your time, fellas. Plenty of time. You know, people got here two and a half days ago, many of these people in the front, right? Two and a half days ago, a lot of these people, so you can understand. It's pretty tough. Thank you. Thank you. That's okay. These are great people. These are great people that love our country, just remember that. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Pretty good. Pretty good. So our politicians shipped away our jobs, shed our sovereignty, surrendered our dignity, and saddled our nation in one foreign debacle after another, and we're still here. He just said it. We're still here, you better believe it, and we're here stronger than ever before we're here. But all of that ended the day that I took the oath of office, the American people are in charge of their country again. We cut a record number of job-killing regulations that were strangling our country. We cut more regulations in two and a half years than any other president in their full terms. Four years, eight years, or in one case more than that, cut more than anybody. To get relief to working families we passed the largest package of tax cuts and tax reforms in the history of our country. You're making a lot more money. You're making a lot more money and you see it and you know it because you see it in your paycheck every week. We ended the last administration's cruel war on American energy and we are delivering a policy of American energy independence like you've never seen before. In fact, if you look at the straits where we're having all of the problems, you look at the straits, number one, they're not touching our ships, they're not playing with our ships. They're taking them from this country, from that country, from that country. But you know what? Very importantly, we have very few ships going there anymore because we don't need that oil and gas. The United States is now the number one producer of oil and natural gas anywhere in the world. Every leading Democrat has pledged abolish the American oil, coal, and natural gas industries that are fueling our economic boom. Can you imagine this? We're sitting on great wealth. They want to take it away from us, and the alternatives don't have the power. They don't have the power. They want wind, wind. Wind is oh so beautiful, as long as you don't have to stare at a windmill and your house goes down in value like to nothing. Steve, if you had a windmill anywhere near your house you would've gotten one third of the price you got, Steve. That's true, by the way. Steve's too smart to let that happen. We won't let them take it away from you. We are reversing decades of calamitous trade policies that shattered New Hampshire and your factories. They shattered your communities and they shattered American power and American prestige all around the globe. New Hampshire lost one in four manufacturing jobs following NAFTA and China's entrance into the Organization, two of the worst deals ever in the history of our world, not just our country. Election after election, politicians came to your state pretending to have the courage to stand up for the American worker, then they went to Washington and let other countries push them around, and special interests, buy them off and steal your jobs and take your companies. That's what happened. Me, I don't care about their campaign contributions. It doesn't matter to me, folks. We want to do a job. We want to do a great job, and we're setting records, and you know who's sending us the money? The small donors. Well, we have big donors, but we have small donors are sending us the money for the election. Pretty amazing. That's not supposed to happen to a Republican, but it's happening to this Republican and it's happening to you. Every vow that politicians made was broken, every hope was dashed, and every promise turned into a total betrayal of New Hampshire and of our country. But in this administration, we have something those sell-out politicians could only dream of. It's called strength and commitment. We don't play games. We don't play games. After years and years of building up other countries we are finally building up our country, standing up for our jobs, our workers, and standing up for our dignity. The forgotten men and women of America will never ever be forgotten again. You were forgotten. The last administration with sleepy Joe and Obama tried to ram through one of the worst trade deals ever negotiated, worse than NAFTA, worse than WTO. It was called the Trans-Pacific Partnership. It would have been a disaster. TPP would have gutted the American auto industry. It would have been in shambles. Our auto industry is coming back so strong. It would've gutted, would've destroyed the industry. But in my first week in office I proudly withdrew the United States from that job-destroying catastrophe. We're imposing beautiful well-placed tariffs, money comes in, on foreign countries that cheat our workers, steal our jobs, and break all the rules, I'm sorry. And by the way, they've been changing and charging tariffs on us for years. We have countries that charge us 100%, 200%, 297% in the case of Canada with your farm products. We're not going to stand for it, and man, did we turn things around and we've just started. If companies don't want to pay a tariff, I have one simple solution. Come make your product in America. Come make your product in New Hampshire. Zero tariffs. Zero. No tariff. Together we're restoring this nation's industrial might and we are doing it with American iron, American aluminum, and American steel. We're doing it steel. Steel industry is high. They were dumping steel all over. They were destroying our companies. US steel now, all of them, they're all expanding. the steel industry is back. It's doing great. We're opening up mines in Minnesota, the great state of Minnesota. They have magnificent mines that have the best iron ore in the world and President Obama closed them down. Maybe we can get Representative Omar from Minnesota to open it up, but I don't think so. She'll open them up. I don't think so. Representative Omar, that's another one. We're replacing NAFTA with the brand new USMCA. That's Mexico and Canada. Great deal. The USMCA will create countless jobs for farmers and manufacturers all across the state. We need Congress to pass the USMCA immediately. We'll make it a bipartisan deal. We don't even want credit. The unions benefit. The non-unions benefit. Everybody benefits. It brings it back to fairness and it makes it very hard for our companies to leave our countries, go to Mexico or Canada. We lose all our jobs. We lose all our taxes. We end up with empty factories and plants. It makes it almost impossible. We're not going to have that. That was my one rule that I had to have. It's going to be very, very hard for companies to do that. I've also taken the toughest ever action to stand up to China's chronic trade abuses. Earlier this month, the US government officially labeled China for the first time ever a currency manipulator, another promise kept. While others allowed China to freely loot the US economy, $500 billion a year, not million, not million, billion with a B. We've made it clear that the theft of American jobs and American wealth is over. Yet today, the Wall Street Journal editorial board and some others continue to publish foolish articles that demonstrate that they understand nothing about trade or business. Nothing. They advocate only economic surrender. They actually say, "Go to China, take off the tariffs, make a deal." I lose all the cards we take off the tariffs. We don't have any cards. Think of it. They say "Go to Europe.". By the way, the European union is worse than China, just smaller. It treats us horribly. Barriers, tariffs, taxes, and we let them come in. It's worse than China. Many of us come from there. I do. That's what it's got going. That's about it. They treat us really badly, and many others, many, many others. India tariffs us probably higher than any nation anywhere in the world. We have tariffs of 100% on products and much more than that. India. So we're working on all of them. I called Prime Minister Modi. I said, "Mr. Prime Minister, it's not fair. We've got to change, we've got to change, we've got to change," and we're talking to them very seriously. We're talking to a lot of places. But when the Wall Street Journal comes out and they say, " No, no, take the tariffs. Go and talk to China." They've been trying to talk to them for 25 years. But actually, you know what? They really haven't. The fact is the leaders that were in my position, they didn't do a damn thing. They didn't talk. They didn't talk. Past leaders followed the terrible advice of these editorial boards that are frankly totally inexperienced in business, I guess, and our industries were utterly decimated. Globalism enriches foreign countries at our expense. Globalism. I love our country. I'm the President of the United States of America. I'm not the president of the the world. As long as I'm president, America will never bow to a foreign nation like we were for so many years. As we restore our prosperity, we are also restoring public safety. We are fighting to reduce violent crime. You see so much, and over the last 25 years so much crime, and ensure that every American can live in safety and peace. And yet with all that you see, we've had one of the best years of crime prevention that we've ever had. It wouldn't seem that way, but it is one of the best years because those gentlemen that we just saw, the law enforcement, they do a great job. You've been reading about this a lot lately. We are working very hard to make sure we keep guns out of the hands of insane people and those who are mentally sick and shouldn't have guns. But people have to remember, however, that there is a mental illness problem that has to be dealt with. It's not the gun that pulls the trigger. It's the person holding the gun. Years ago, many cities and states, I remember it so well, closed mental institutions for budgetary reasons. They let those people out onto the street. You probably have your examples up here. I can tell you in New York they closed so many of them and they let really seriously mentally ill people out on the streets, and you see plenty of them today, even today. We're going to have to give major consideration to building new facilities for those in need. We have to do it. And at the same time, we will be taking mentally deranged and dangerous people off of… … Mentally deranged and dangerous people off of the streets so we won't have to worry so much about that. The big problem. We don't have those institutions anymore and people can't get proper care. They're seriously ill people and they're on the streets. We can't make it harder for good, solid law abiding citizens to protect themselves. We will always uphold the right to self defense and we will always uphold the second amendment. We will. So important. One of the most powerful promises I made to the people of this state was to confront the opioid and drug epidemic. I used to go around New Hampshire more than any state and you'd say, "Sir, the state is infested." You said, "Sir, we'll like a drug den." You tell me. And I didn't really see it. And then I met with the police officers and fire departments and all the people that do. And you just seem to have a bigger problem. And by the way, the wall is being built. That's- That's going to stop a lot of it. The wall is being built. Build the wall. Build the wall. Build the wall. Build the wall. Build the wall. Build the wall. Build the wall. It's being built. You know, we have the fake news. You know about that, where they … A wall that's lying on the ground in a very important section. So we pick up the wall, it's in pieces. I mean literally it's gone and we build a brand new 30 foot steel and concrete wall and the fake media said, "He didn't build a wall. That's just renovation. There was no wall, it's lying on the ground." People walk right over and it's rotted, rusted, gone. We take it away. We put a brand new wall up. They give me no credit. You know why? Because they're fake news. That's why. We're building a lot of walls. The Army Corps of Engineers is doing a great job. They're doing a great job. Since I took office, we've attacked the challenge with everything we have. We have secured a record $6 billion in new funding. Opioid. We vastly increase the distribution of overdose reversing drugs, which are pretty amazing things. We've given them to your police department, your fire department, pretty amazing. We have reduced the total amount of opioids prescribed by 34%. The department of justice has prosecuted more than 3000 defendants in opioids related cases. And our public awareness campaign about the terrible suffering that drugs inflict has already reached 58% of all young Americans. I said that you have to show them. We're doing ads beautiful ads. Shows them, and you've seen them. I don't even want to describe them. They're brutal. But we're doing ads on television and papers about how bad it is for children so they can see it. Because the greatest thing we can do is not get people started on drugs, right. Not get them started. It's hard to get off. You know, we can get them off and we're doing it and it's been done. But it's hard to get off. If they never start. It's real easy. It's real easy. So we're trying to get young kids, you won't see the fruits of this labor for a little while because it takes a while. But we're really, we are working so hard on advertising and promotions to tell young kids, children how bad drugs are, how dangerous they are, how horrible they are, how they destroy your brain, how they do so many bad things. And they're really very tough ads. They're hard hitting ads. And I think they're having a big impact. You'll see over time you'll see. Over time you'll see. But we still have much work to do. But as a result of these efforts, last year we saw the first nationwide decline in drug overdose deaths in 31 years. That's pretty amazing. And at the center of America's drug crisis is the border crisis. Vast quantities of deadly narcotics are being smuggled across the border including meth, cocaine, heroin and fentanyl. And as part of my trade deal with China, it's been very important. And President Xi said he's going to do it. So far he has not done it. But I said, "You have to stop sending us fentanyl." Have to. "And you have to criminalize in China the making of fentanyl." And so far he has not come through, but I think he will. You'll know, you'll know. Yet Democrats want to open borders and Republicans want strong borders. That you're difference. One wants open borders. Who can even think of an open border? Think of it? Even though many people that come into our country are wonderful people, they're are still coming in illegally. They're not coming in through merit. But what about the bad ones? We have serious, serious criminals that want to come in, and if we had open borders they would be flowing in like you've never seen before. Democrats want open borders, they don't mind crime. We do mind crime and that's the way it is. Democrats also support deadly sanctuary cities. Last year alone sanctuary cities declined more than 17,000 requests from federal authorities to hand over criminal aliens already in their custody. In other words, 17,000 criminal aliens were released by these cities directly into US communities. You don't understand even what the hell are they doing? What are they doing? 17,000. Republicans believe our city should be sanctuaries for law abiding Americans, not for criminal aliens. We will always support the amazing heroes of ICE and Border Patrol, and we will always support law enforcement. Every Democrat candidate also wants to give illegal immigrants free welfare. Republicans believe public benefits should be protected for truly needy Americans, not for illegal aliens. And we should reduce our taxes and many other things with all of that money that we're talking about. We need to elect a strong Republican majority to end sanctuary cities. Stop human traffickers, stop drug smugglers and adopt an immigration system that puts the needs of American workers and families first. It's also time for Democrats to join with us to protect the sacred integrity of our elections by supporting voter ID, voter identification. It's incredible. They're constantly saying, "Oh, we need to protect them." But they're not looking for that. They're not looking for that. We say, "What about voter ID? In other words, you have a picture, you have to go up. What about voter ID?" That they don't want to do, but we need voter ID. The Democrat party has never been farther outside the mainstream. Where do they come from? You know, you say you want low taxes, good education, strong military, strong borders. You want to have safe homes. You want a house, you want low interest rates, you've got low … Hey, you got low interest rates. The lowest ever. Got low rates, it's a good time to refinance your house, by the way. Great time. You got everything, and then you see these people they're against … They have no idea what they're doing. They have no idea what they're against. Every major Democrat running for president supports a massive government takeover of healthcare that would raid Medicare and destroy the private health insurance plans of millions of American families that they love. My administration is defending your right to choose the plan and the doctor that is best for you. The individual mandate is gone. The most unpopular part of Obamacare, and we almost have Obamacare gone. We're close. We would have had it before, but we had a vote that was a little bit surprising. I'm sure none of you knew who that vote was. We had it done, repealed and replaced. But it's going to happen and I think it's going to actually be in the end, actually better. You watch. So we got rid of the individual mandate, which was the most unpopular part of Obamacare. And we're running it better. You know, I had a political decision. Do I make it great? Alex Azar our secretary, do rerun it well and sort of say, "Hey, we run it well." Or do we run it badly and have everybody upset? We said, we got to run it well, but it's still much too expensive. It's lousy healthcare. But we got rid of the worst part of it. Individual mandate, individual mandate, where you have the privilege of buying the right not to have to pay for expensive insurance. that's no good health insurance. And we won't … And you got to remember this. Republicans, and I speak for every one of them, we will always protect pre-existing conditions. We're going to protect, always. Right, got to do it. Our ambitious campaign to reduce the price of prescription drugs has produced the largest decline in drug prices in 51 years. The only decline in 51 years. We have launched a historic initiative to require price transparency, empowering you to choose the lowest price for yourself and for your family. Believe it or not, you didn't have the right to go in and price your drugs. Who could even believe this? I wonder if big pharma had something to do with that. So we're going to have transparency. Virtually every top Democrat also now supports late term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mothers womb. Right up, up till … Right up until the moment of birth. And in the case of the Virginia governor, he's having a rough, rough time. In his case, the baby is born, and then he goes to talk to the mother. The doctor talks to the mother. The baby is now born, wrapped as he said, and then they decide whether or not to execute the baby. Who would believe that. That is why I've asked Congress to prohibit extreme late term abortion because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred, the gift of God. Hard to believe isn't that. Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late term abortion and socialism. The Republican party is the party of freedom. We are the party of the American worker, the American family, and the American dream and I'm fighting for you each and every day. So importantly we have confirmed more than 140 federal judges. Within 90 days it will be 179 federal judges. Thank you very much President Obama. Thank you very much. I don't know what happened to them, but I came to office and I had 138 judges that were not appointed by President Obama. So I say, thank you Mr. President, very good and they'll say he was a great president. Oh, the fake news. He was a great president. If he was a great president how come he left me 138 judges to appoint when everybody says that's the single most important thing a president of the United States has to do. Great president. He was great. He was a great president. And these judges will apply the law as written, including we appointed two great Supreme Court Justices, Neil Gorsuch and Brett Kavanaugh. And to help patients with life threatening illnesses we also pass something I'm so proud of, 44 years they couldn't get it passed, right to try. You can use our newest, our best medicines. Incredible. What's happening. I'm so proud of that. And this from forever, five decades. We pass for our great veterans VA choice and VA accountability. And one of our great friends was a veteran who's been with me in New Hampshire. I don't know where you are. Where's our guy? Where is he? So, Al. So, I walk in I said, hello. He's been with me from the beginning. He wasn't with … He liked Trump. And I came in. He said, sir, he's a great veteran. He said, "Sir, I have cancer. And sir, I went into the vet. They were very, very late. They had problems. I'm not blaming them, but they gave me the right to go out and get a great cancer surgeon." He had his operation. You look much better than you did three years ago Al, much better. Much better. VA choice, right Al. VA choice. Great story. Thank you very much, and thank you for your loyalty. He's been to every rally I ever gave a New Hampshire right from the beginning. I got so tired of looking at him. He'd always be here. Now he's … Look at him, now he's sitting in very good. That's good. But I appreciate that story. I appreciate. VA choice just makes sense, right? Doesn't it make sense? We've achieved record funding for the United States military. $716 billion, $700 billion and $738 billion. And it's almost completely rebuilt. Including, and we hope to God we never have do use it. We have the finest, most powerful nuclear capability anywhere on the face of the earth. And I hope to God we never have to use it. We're investing in the future of human space flight. And someday soon American astronauts will plant the stars and stripes on the surface of Mars. I told my guys at NASA, you know, NASA, when we took it over, it was exhausted. The runways and the grounds had all weeds growing through the cracks in the concrete. You wouldn't recognize it now. It's beautiful. It's the best place anywhere on earth. And I also said, though, you know, I hear all these rich guys for some reason, they love space. So they're rich. I said, let them send the rockets up. What the hell do we have to do it? Right? So I see Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk, they're putting rockets up. I think it's great. And they pay us rent. They use our facility. That's great. But we're also doing it, and NASA has some of the greatest plans we've ever had. These are great people, great scientists. But we also let the private sector put up rockets. The one which recently went up and you see the engines coming back down and they coming … There's no wings, no nothing. It's almost like, what are we watching is this fiction? And they come down and they save all of the propellants. All of the, really the most expensive parts. They're able to save it by bringing it back right to where it took off. Who would think they could do this? I never saw this before six months ago, but they're doing it now more and more. They're saving a lot of the most important and expensive parts of rockets. So we have a lot of rich guys paying us a lot of rent. But we're also doing it ourselves. To protect America's security. I withdrew the United States from the horrible one-sided Iran nuclear deal. I recognized Israel's true capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. And just three months ago, we also recognized the Golan Heights as being a part of and protected by Israel. For years you watched as your politicians apologized for America. Now you have a president who is standing up for America and we are standing up for the people of New Hampshire. Thank you. And you must never forget the 2020 election right around the corner. 2020 right around the corner. And it's about one thing. You know what the one thing is, you. It's about you. It's about your family. It's about your future. And it's about the fate of your country. So when we ran together last time, we said the most importantly we had to turn it around. This country was going bad. You see what happened to Venezuela with socialism? Venezuela 15 years ago was one of the richest countries. Now they don't have water, they don't have food, they don't have anything. And this was one of the richest nations in the world. They don't have anything. We're working on it. We're helping people, but it's very sad. It's never going to happen to us because we will never ever be a socialist nation. Ever. No matter what label they use, a vote for any Democrat in 2020 is a vote for the rise of radical socialism and the destruction … The destruction of the American dream. We have a dream. It's a great dream. This the destruction of the American dream. We begin this campaign tonight with the best record, the best results, the best agenda, and the only positive vision for the people of New Hampshire and for the people of America. Together we will lift millions more citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence, and poverty to prosperity. Millions and millions of people. With your help, we will elect a Republican Congress to create a safe, modern, fair and lawful system of immigration. We will enact trade deals that are already happening that ensure more products are proudly stamped with that beautiful phrase made in the USA. We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, ending the AIDS epidemic in America and finding new cures for childhood cancer. Something I never thought I'd be able to say, within one decade the AIDS epidemic in the United States will be gone. Think of that. Did you ever think you were going to hear that? No. Did you ever think you were going to hear that? The work they've done on AIDs is incredible. That's an incredible thing. When they told me that, it's just shattering. It just, it breaks your heart what's happened. But think of it in 10 years, the AIDS epidemic will be eradicated. So great. Who thought that was going to be happening. Who thought I'd be able to get to say that so early in what we're doing together. We will defend privacy, free speech, free assembly, religious Liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms. Above all, we will never stop fighting for the values that bind us together. There is one America we will support, protect and defend the constitution of the United States. We'll stand with the incredible men and women of law enforcement. We believe in the dignity of work and in the sanctity of life. We believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy are the true American way. We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. Through every day and every challenge our hearts speak to the words of the New Hampshire state motto, live free or die. We are fighting for every American mom and dad who wants to protect this land of Liberty for their precious, beautiful children. We are fighting for every young boy and girl who deserves to grow up in a nation of builders and dreamers, pioneers and patriots, and we are fighting for every citizen of the greatest Republic on the face of this earth. Every day my presidency, we will never forget that we are Americans and the future belongs to us. The brave this beautiful, strong, proud, and free future. It belongs to us. It's up to us. We control our own destiny. And with your help, your devotion and your drive. We are going to keep on working. We are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. We are one great movement. One people, one family and one glorious nation under God. And together we are making America wealthy again. We are making America strong again. We are making America safe again. And we are making America great again. Thank you. New Hampshire. Thank you. Thank you.
Hello, everybody. Hello, everybody. Wow. Hello, everybody. Thank you. Thank you. And I'll tell you, we're landing and there are thousands of people along the runways, and I said, "Why aren't they here?" "Sir, we couldn't let them in." "Why not? Let's let them in." Oh, these people. And then they put in a floor. This is for Manchester because you know about flooring. They put in a floor that's like an ice skating rink. So we're going to tiptoe around. How are you, everybody? We love you. We love you. Great, great people. Manchester, we had some good memories in Manchester. 2016, but this is going to be, we are right now in the most important election in our history. But I'm thrilled to be back in the Granite State with the true hard-working American Patriots. Last night it was my great honor to accept the Republican nomination for President of the United States. We're going to win. We're going to win. Does anybody have any doubt? Does anybody… It's very interesting, last night we had an incredible time and I don't know if you know, it's driving the fake news crazy. They're back. But the poll numbers have swung. If you go back six months before the plague flew in from China, the plague, the horrible plague, this election was over. This election was over. And then I had to go back to work. I had to go back to work. And then I went back to work and we've done an incredible job in every aspect of running government, but I also had to start campaigning a little bit again, and I did. And today it was announced that Joe Biden is coming out of the basement. Because the poll numbers have totally swung. They totally swung. And they've swung like nobody's ever seen them swing before. And it was rapid. It was a rapid swing. Because they all admit that we're doing a great job. There's not too many presidents that have done a job like we've done, including keeping you out of wars, bringing you home from the endless wars. But they've swung. But here's what I don't get. Sleepy Joe's coming out he said in 10 days, that's a long… 10 days. 10 days. That's like an eternity in Trumpville. 10 days. I view 10 days is like an eternity, okay? So he decided he's coming out and he's going to be out in 10 days. That's a long time. That's a big percentage of the remaining time. That's all right, he's much better off where he is. I think he's, I think he just… And how about those stories from friends of mine? How about those stories? Was that just compelling and incredible television, but really that was an exciting, a really good quality convention. Really great. So many people. So many people, you saw some tragic situations, some really great endorsements, you saw everything. If you… How about the endorsement of Herschel Walker? When you watch that that was from the heart. That was from the heart. Dana White today. I just saw it today because last night I was looking at this speech a little bit. We had a wonderful turnout last night. What I didn't like, you saw this right, when it was over, you saw when it was over? The thugs outside because the Democratic mayor of Washington DC, it's another Democrat that's not believing in law and order. And you know we give Washington DC a lot of money to run it, but they don't do a good job of running it. The mayor, she doesn't run anything. And these incredible people from all over the country, all over the world that were there last night, they walked out to a bunch of thugs. And that wasn't, remember this, that wasn't friendly protesters. They were thugs. They were thugs. And the DC police are good, but the mayor gave bad instructions last night, that should have never been allowed to happen. When a senator like Rand Paul walks out, and thank God we had some good police around him and they took a tremendous… They took tremendous abuse. And Rand Paul was in big trouble last night, he's a good guy, he's a friend of mine, and that shouldn't happen to anybody. But he is a US senator walking outside and those four policemen should be brought over to the White House and we ought to give them a medal of some kind, and we're going to do it. We're going to do it. I told that to Rand. And the mayor should be ashamed of herself for that kind of a display of incompetence because that's what's happening in Portland. And that's what's happening all over where you have Democrat-run cities. Just take a look. And we're looking at the whole situation in DC, and tonight they have a lot of people gathering, let's see how that works out. They have to be able to manage their affairs, they get a lot of money. She's always looking for money, "Could we have more money?" "What are you going to waste it on? I mean spend it on. What are you going to waste it on, Mayor?" And then our people walk out, and these are people from all over the world, they walk, including Congress, by the way, they walk out and they get accosted, they get abused, they get spit on. It's a disgrace. And our country is going to change. We're not going to allow that to happen. You know, we're not supposed to be… We're not supposed to be involved unless we're invited in by the people that run, these are all Democrat cities, just so you understand, including DC. So we're not supposed to go in unless we call it an insurrection, but that's a big statement. It's a big statement. No reason for it. But you know what we're going to do? We're going to have to look at it. Mark Meadows is here, we're going to have to look at it because we're not going to let that happen to people that go to the White House to celebrate our country. And a weak guy named Joe Biden, and he's weak, he's weak as hell, a weak guy like Joe Biden didn't even bring law and order up as a subject for discussion in the entire Democrat National Convention. Now they're all of a sudden… Now they realize because they've gone down like a rock in water, they've gone down in the polls and now all of a sudden they're talking all, "Well, we have to talk about crime." Number one, they have no… Look at what happened to New York, look at what's going on in Chicago, all Democrats, all radical left Democrats. Look at what's going on in the great State of Wisconsin. Now I will tell you, two days ago we sent in the National Guard. That was the end of that problem. Look at Portland. We want to send in the National Guard, we sent in Homeland Security just to protect our… couple of our buildings, including a courthouse, can you believe it? We sent in because- … couple of our buildings, including a courthouse. Can you believe it? We send in because they can't protect it. So we sent, they did a very effective job. We could take care of Portland in 45 minutes, 45 minutes. If that governor, if that mayor would call and say, "Please send in the National Guard." just like … Hey, we did it in Minneapolis. Remember that? The place was going to burn down. Another few days, we send in the National Guard, it was over within an hour. They ought to get smart and that's what they ought to do. So now they're talking about, "Well, we want to …" Why did they call it a friendly protest? Right? Remember the idiot from CNN, he's standing there. This is a friendly protest. Behind him over his shoulders, the entire city is burning down. Sixty seven days from now, we're going to win the great state of New Hampshire. We have to. We're going to win four more years in the White House. Within my first term in office, we've secured America's borders, brought back our manufacturing jobs, rebuilt the United States military. It was a mess. It was a depleted mess. Wiped out the ISIS caliphate, killed our terrorists enemies, kept America out of foolish, stupid, ridiculous foreign wars. Achieved American energy independence. You see the price of your gasoline. When you go fill it up, "Oh boy, that's a nice price." It's half what it was. We built the single greatest economy in the history of the world. That includes China, which was having a very, very bad year. Then the plague came in from China. We had to close it up. We saved millions of lives and now we're open again and we're setting records. We're setting records. Wait till you see the numbers just before the election. There'll be released and this is despite the fact that the Democrats are holding back Michigan, North Carolina. You take a look. Pennsylvania. They want to keep them. By the way, on November 4th, regardless, they'll be opening them up, November 4th, because they think that hurts the economy and that will hurt me, but our numbers are going to be great. We're going to have a great third quarter. We're going to have an unbelievable next year, unless somebody stupid gets elected and raises your taxes. This November, each of you will vote in truly the most important election in the history of our country. I used to say it about 2016. This is now at a new level. Joe Biden is the puppet of the radical left movement that seeks to obliterate and destroy everything that you hold here including your second amendment, which will have no chance. Your vote will decide whether we save the American dream or whether we allow Biden to eliminate your jobs. By the way, it's not Biden. It's not Biden. It's his masters, his … They tell him what to do, his masters. They want to erase your borders, confiscate your guns, appoint radical left judges and prosecutors, tear down our history. Demolish your suburbs. You saw what I did. I ended the rule. You're not going to have low income housing built in your suburbs anymore, but nobody writes that because the fake news doesn't want to write that, but everyone knows. Unless our friends in the suburbs have gotten a lot dumber than they used to be, they know that. They want to destroy your suburbs, indoctrinate our children, defund the police and try everything in the book to turn our cities so that they look more like Portland, Oregon than what we're used to looking at. Never forget, they are coming after me because I am fighting for you. It's true. Today's Democrat party is filled with hate. Just look at Joe Biden supporters on the streets screaming and shouting at bystanders with unhinged manic rage. Right? You see it. It's crazy. It's crazy. You ought to see last night in Washington. It was a disgrace. It was a disgrace that these people are representing the United States of America. It was a disgrace. Protesters. You know what I say? Protest is your ass. I don't talk about my ass. They're not protestors. Those aren't … Those are anarchists. They're agitators. They're rioters. They're looters. They're not … You know you say that and some of the people, not all of them, but some of the people back there, "Oh, how dare you. These are friendly protesters, right?" Friendly … They're just looking for trouble. Has nothing to do with George Floyd. Has nothing to do with anything. They don't even know who George Floyd is. Okay? They don't know who George Floyd. They have no idea. If you ask them, "Who's George Floyd?" They couldn't even tell you. These are just bad people, troublemakers and they shouldn't be representing our country at important events and we've got to stop it. Democrats have no complaint about the rioters and the vandals, marauding through our cities or mass unruly demonstrations, but they don't believe law abiding citizens can go to a church together. You can't go to church anymore. You know how many churches are closed in this country because of the Democrats? You can go out and you can have thousands of people marauding through the streets, threatening other people, beyond threatening, kicking them in the face, doing what they've done. You've seen it. They would have done that to Senator Rand Paul last night. He'd either be in very bad shape or dead and that would include his wife if those policemen didn't happen to be there. They took some big beating. The reason they didn't fight back too much, they don't want to lose their pension. They don't want to lose their job, because we've become so politically correct, everybody's afraid to do anything now, but they did a good job. The puppet Biden, who's just controlled so strongly wants you to cancel weddings, funerals and school, but has no problem with thousands of so-called peaceful protesters cramming into your streets, mugging people, hurting people, robbing stores, looting stores, burning down storefronts. The radical left will do anything to get power. They smear justice, Brett Kavanaugh, and they are … Did you see anything like that? Justice Kavanaugh. People forget. Time goes by, they forget. We don't forget. I don't forget. They're destroying the livelihoods of innocent people and if Biden wins, which I honestly can't believe can happen. I will have lost to a low IQ individual. I don't want that. I don't want it. Sleepy Joe, I don't want it. But the agitators will go from rioting in the streets to running the halls of government. Can you believe it? The levers, they call it the levers of government. The top 10 most dangerous cities in America are run by Democrats and have been for decades. Now they're trying to impose those policies across the entire country. No one will be safe in Biden's America. I can't even call it Biden's America. God doesn't know he's alive. He's going to be out in 10 days. He's going to start 10 days. Ten days. I mean, I gave a big speech last night. I said, "What am I doing tomorrow night?" You're going to New Hampshire, but sir, we can cancel New Hampshire because you had a big night. We can cancel. Are you crazy? I don't have the courage to cancel New Hampshire. I got to win New Hampshire. I love the people and you've been very good to me. You've been very good to me. You've been very good to me. So, New Hampshire was the first state I won. Right? Remember, I came here. I was very excited. That was an exciting evening. That was an exciting race, but we don't talk about that anymore. We have to talk about the future. We don't talk about it. That was great. It was important. We've done more than any administration in its first three and a half years in the history of our country. That's despite phony witch hunts, phony investigations, a phony impeachment based on a phone call that was absolutely perfect. That's despite a pandemic that was probably sent in by China, who the hell knows how it got here and all over the world, because China does not want to see me win I can tell you that. We're not happy with China. I'll tell you why. If Biden got in, China would own the United States very quickly. They'd own it. If the Democrat party wants to stand with anarchist, criminals, rioters, looters, and flag burners, that's up to them. The Republican party and you, I can see you. Is there anybody in this place that enjoys burning the American flag? Is there anybody? Please quietly raise your hand. Be careful. Could be very dangerous. The Republican party will remain the voice of the patriotic heroes who keep America safe and our law enforcement. Right? We are all that stand between the American people and the left wing mob. If you want to save democracy from the mob, then you must vote to defeat an extremely poor candidate. Look, I believe I have the honor of running against the worst candidate ever put up by the Democratic party, the worst. How do you get worse? I believe he's the worst candidate, the slowest candidate. I mean, in prime time, he was the slowest candidate, which was a long time ago. Primetime. You know what I don't like though, they say he's like 78, 79, 78, I guess. Right? I know people that are 85, that are 88, 92, Bernie Marcus, Home Depot, he's 92 years old. He's the sharpest guy you'll ever meet. There's nothing … 78 is okay, but that's a bad 78, not a good 78. 78 is okay, but he shouldn't say that. They shouldn't say … The press, they say he's too old. He's not too old. He's not too old, but 78 is okay, but I do. I know people in their 90s that are 100% sharp and good physically, actually good physically. You want debate? So do I. I want debates too. I want debates too. Tonight, we're honored to be joined by New Hampshire House Republican leader, Dick Hinch. Where is Dick? I think your great governor is here. Where's the governor? Where's our governor? Hi, Dick. Good job. Do we like Dick? Yes. Where's our governor? He's here. He just met me. I told him, "Go back." Hi, Steve. Because you have a great governor and we don't have same day voting anymore. We don't have same day. What a joke that was last time, remember? Buses poured up from Massachusetts with a lot of people that weren't going to vote for Trump, and they poured up thousands and thousands of people came in on election day and then you had a senator running on the Republican party who wasn't exactly the greatest for us, but we have done so well here and we're going to have a big win. I'm hearing we're going to have a great win. So, I want to thank you, governor. Also with us, our state representatives, Al Baldasaro and Fred Doucette. Where are you? Hi. Hi, Al. I know these guys so well. Hey Al, have I taken care of the vets better than you even thought? This guy I met him. He's a big vet. He wanted the vets. He didn't care about anything else, but the vets. Honestly, he couldn't have cared less about anybody here except the vets, but I did a good job, right? We did a good job for the vets. Very importantly, very, very US Senate candidate Corky Messner. Good, Corky. I hear you're doing well. Good, Corky. Get them. We need Corky. Get them. I hear you're doing well, Corky. Congressional candidate Matt Mowers. Matt, thank you. Thank you, Matt. Great people. A friend of mine for a long time, he said right from the beginning, "You're going to win this state, sir." We met him at the primaries. Chairman of New Hampshire Republican Party Steven Stepanek. Steven. Hi, Steve. Great Steve. Co-chairman of my New Hampshire campaign Lou Gargiulo. Where's Lou? Lou Gargiulo. Hi, Lou. How am I doing? Are we winning, Lou? Lou, are we winning? Thank you. You said yes. If he said no, he's out of here. A friend of mine and a friend of the state, he loves this state and he is a smart cookie. So good. I love him on television. He's no games. Just looks and gives her the answer, but he's done a fantastic job. The first person on my whole … You read about all these people. This is the first guy and he's a great guy and he's a friend of mine, Corey Lewandowski. Where is Corey? Great guy. Tremendous guy. Tremendous help. Thank you, Corey. Are you having a good time, Corey? Who's going to win this year, Corey? You bet. A little bit slow with that head, Corey. With the help of everyone here today, we've accomplished more in the first three years. We've done so much. We've done so much. You can go over at taxes and you can go over what we've done with the military. We passed the biggest tax cuts ever, ever the history of our country. Now, they want to raise taxes. Think of it. All my life, I've watched politicians. Don't forget, I've only been doing this for four and a half years. I haven't been to … I've had senators come in. I've had congressmen come in. "Sir, I've been doing this for 25 years and in 25 years I've only lost three races, sir." I said, "But I've only been doing it for four years and I only won one race, but now I have to win two. One race I won, but it was the president. It was for president." It was for president, but we did the largest tax cut in the history of our country. We eliminated the most job destroying regulations in the history of our country. I ended the job killing Paris climate accord. That was a killer. That was meant to hurt the United States. By the way, in case you had any questions. Today, the United States is the number one producer of oil and natural gas anywhere on earth. To give critically ill patients access to lifesaving cures we passed and hopefully anybody here doesn't need it. Nobody here. Uh-oh, do you need it? Uh-oh. Don't raise that … Oh she is? Is she okay? I'll get it for her. Is she okay? We got to get her on the list. Tell me. Oh, from before. Well, that's a long time before I was president. Does she want to get on the list? Because I've seen you at rallies before. I want to get … Will you please, I want to get his wife on the list. It's called right to try. Right to try. Good work. He's been a friend of mine. Come on. He's been here for a long time. He's been a good guy for a long time. We got to … Is your wife, how she doing? She couldn't get it before me. Well, we had that with Mueller. You saw that with the Mueller's last night. You saw that, right? Was that Assad with their incredible daughter, what happened? He said if Trump was president that wouldn't have happened and they're right, that would not have happened. We took out al-Baghdadi. I wish I were president, you would had a different solution. Thank you. Thank you. Go ahead. How about you? Yeah. We'll talk to you later. Right to try. You have no idea. So many people, they used to travel all over the world to get a cure. Now, we can sign a quick simple document. It sounds easy, it wasn't, but it was easy for me. I understood it. Now, you signed a document. We give you the greatest medicines even if they haven't been approved. If somebody's terminally ill, like in the case of your wife, if somebody's terminally ill, at least you have hope, but it's beyond that because people have gone home. You have to see some of the results have been incredible. You saw one of the people the other day, right? That wonderful young lady that was so incredible and spoke so well. She's a special person. She really is a special person. Thank you. We'll talk to you. Thank you very much. To bring opportunities to our inner cities, I signed the groundbreaking criminal justice reform, prison reform, opportunity zones, permanent funding for historically black colleges and universities. True. Before the China virus came in, before that China virus came in, we had the best job numbers ever recorded the history of our country. We had almost 160 million Americans working. We had never had numbers like that. The Republican party is the party of Abraham Lincoln. Remember that. We- We stand for so much, including Martin Luther King's dream of a nation where our children are judged not by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character. You know that. The radical left's effort to divide everyone by race tears us apart. There's so much racial hatred, and it's put there by CNN, by MSDNC… They stoke the flames and they know it. The good news is the ratings aren't great. So that's okay. They don't have great ratings. But they stoke the flames. Uh-oh, CNN just turned off their camera again. They always turn off their camera. Why do I keep doing that? Every time I do it, they turn off their camera. They did it last time. I mention CNN, they're screaming, turn the camera off. Our movement is about a brighter future for all Americans of every race, religion, color, and creed. Joe Biden spent the last 47 years betraying the African American community. I've spent the last four years delivering for the African American community like nobody, with the exception possibly of Abraham Lincoln, has delivered before. It's true. My first week in office, I withdrew the United States from the last administration's horrible, stupid, insane Trans Pacific Partnership. Would've destroyed the US auto industry and many other industries. New Hampshire lost one in four, and I think much more than that, manufacturing jobs following twin disasters of NAFTA and China's entrance into the WTO. It was more than one in four. That statistic is wrong. Please have it changed. The statistic is wrong, far more than one in four. Earlier this year, I kept my promise and replaced the NAFTA nightmare with a brand new US-Mexico-Canada Agreement. They said that couldn't be done. I also took the toughest ever action to stand up to China's pillaging and plundering of American jobs. Joe Biden's agenda is made in China. My agenda is made in America. After years of building up other nations, we are finally building up our nation and our jobs, and we're taking care of our people. Last night, I got great reviews of the speech and all, but some of the fakers back there, they said, "Well, it was a little long. He shouldn't have used the White House." Oh really? Tell me. But they said it was a little… Then one person, I think it was Chris Wallace. Nice guy. He's actually a nice guy. He said that, "He didn't have the same energy in the speech that he usually has." Well, it's a different kind of a speech. Tonight, I'm in New Hampshire and we can wing it. See, actually, actually Chris, who has always wanted to be his father, but it never worked out because of a lack of talent. Actually though, actually Chris has it wrong. If I did last night's speech here, by now you would have all been walking out. And if I did tonight's speech there, I would have been criticized by being slightly radical. But we're having a good time doing it this way, right? Because we are finally putting America first. Under my administration, America's borders are more secure than ever before. We ended the catch and release, stopped asylum fraud. And we have deported 20,000 gang members and 500,000 criminal aliens. We've already built 300 miles of border wall and we're adding 10 new miles every single week. The wall will soon be completed. And our numbers on the border are the best they've ever been. And by the way, Mexico is paying for the wall. Just in case you didn't know that. They don't know that. They're paying for the wall. You haven't noticed on the wall. Everything was wall, wall. They didn't think I was going to get it done. Because look, you have one major party controlling Congress and they don't want to give me a wall. So they're going crazy. "Wall. The wall's not getting done." Then I get it done. Get it from the military, get it from everything. I'm a developer. I know how to get money. It's one of those. Developers understand. And now that the wall is almost complete, it'll be soon complete. And it's the wall that border security wanted so badly. This is the one. But now that it's built, you never hear about the wall. They don't talk about it anymore. They don't talk about it anymore. It's incredible. But the wall will soon be complete. We've invested $2.5 trillion in the US military and launched the first new branch of the US Armed Forces in nearly 75 years. The space force. And Al, in honor of you, we have passed VA Choice and VA Accountability, Al. That guy's been bugging me for years. Al has been bugging me. What's in that hat, Al? Let me see. Let me… It's something. Al, he's been bugging me for years. Did you ever think we'd get VA Choice, VA Accountability? Did you ever really believe it? Thank you, Al. I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous Iran Nuclear Deal, a disaster. $150 billion we paid Iran for a basically short term deal. And we gave them… What's more impressive, we also gave them $1.8 billion in cash. Cash. Many plane loads. You know what that took? Many, many plane loads, $1.8 billion. I said bad. That's when I realized how powerful a president is in the United States. When a president has the right, which by the way, I don't believe he did have that right, okay? When a president has the right to go into the banks and take out $1.8 billion and hand it to people that hate our guts, that's power. That's power. I don't believe he had the right to do it. I kept my promise, recognized the true capital of Israel and opened the US embassy in Jerusalem. I recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights and we achieved the first breakthrough in the Middle East in 25 years. You saw that just last week. UAE, highly respected. Mohamed, highly respected. UAE and Israel. And now they're all going to be coming in. Now they're all saying, "How come you didn't tell us about this?" You'll have peace in the Middle East. And yet we're moving our trips out. It's pretty amazing, actually. We'll get no credit for it, but that's all right. Remember that Kaitlan. Cover that properly, Kaitlan. We like Kaitlan. Together, we've spent the last four years cleaning up 47 years of Biden disasters. Joe Biden has spent his entire career on the wrong side of history. He supported NAFTA. China's entry. He's done so many things. This man, if you look at what he's done, we went into a deal, the Korea, you know about the Korea deal? Hillary Clinton's deal, along with Biden. They promised 250,000 jobs, right? 250,000 jobs. And they were right. Except all those jobs went to South Korea. They didn't come to us. 00, the polls close. And they said, "Donald Trump has won the state of Texas." Simultaneously with the closing. I'm now running in Texas against a man who's against oil, guns, and God. How do you win Texas? I said this, you could bring George Washington back as your Presidential candidate. You could bring Abraham Lincoln. Let's put him as the Vice Presidential candidate. Run in Texas and other states, you couldn't win. You couldn't win. Now, they're not going to win. We're going to win this. And you're against the oil stuff too. Because his whole thing on oil, no fracking, no this, no that. New England has the highest energy costs in the United States. And you know why? Because Governor Cuomo will not let a pipeline go across the tip of New York State so that oil and gas, of which we have plenty, can come. And do you know where you buy your energy from? Russia. Did you know that? You have ships, much of it from Russia, because Governor Cuomo, New York won't allow a pipeline and they're desperate to have something happen in upper New York State. And those are great people, but they've been treated very badly. But they won't allow a pipeline. By not allowing a pipeline, we're trying to do it through essentially eminent domain. By not allowing a pipeline to go through upper New York State and create a lot of jobs for them, you have the highest energy prices in the United States by far. Thank you New York. Thank you. Thank you Governor Cuomo. Biden voted for the Iraq war. I was against the Iraq war. He opposed a mission to take out Osama bin Laden. He opposed the killing of Soleimani. You remember that one? He oversaw the rise of ISIS and he cheered the rise of China as a positive development for America and for the world. That's not a positive development. Before they went into the WTO, China was flat lined. For years and years and decades, flat lined. And then they got into the WTO and a lot of bad things happened. First China's stole our jobs, plundered our intellectual property and unleashed the virus. And now China is trying to just hug and kiss Joe Biden. They want him so badly. Look, if you like China, you should vote for Biden, that I can tell you. How about his son? You think the son, maybe there's a conflict? How about his son? Where's Hunter? Where is Hunter? Where is Hunter? Does anybody know? Where's Hunter? He's in another country right now, probably, ripping off another country. No, as soon as Biden became vice president, bad things happened with respect to a Hunter. If that happened with respect to my family, I wouldn't be standing. I guarantee you that. I guarantee you that. What a disgrace. What a disgrace. Ukraine. And it's not just Ukraine and it's not just China. But he goes into China, takes out $1.5 billion to manage, and he knows nothing, and he wasn't even employed. He got thrown out of the armed services. So give me a break. It's a disgrace, what's happening. There's a double… There's a thing happening with the media like nobody's ever seen before. These people right here. Because if that happened to a Republican, in particular. If any of that stuff happened to me, it would be brutal. But it happened to him. They don't want to talk about it. And how about the questions asked by Anderson Cooper yesterday? Anderson Cooper. He's interviewed me a lot over the years and I always got along with him, but they were tough interviews. Did you hear the questions? And Biden kept looking down. I think he was reading the answers off a teleprompter. Right? I think he was reading the answers off a teleprompter. And that's happened before. And how about David Muir of ABC? He's a nice guy, right? How soft were those questions? How soft were those? They don't ask me questions like that. They got fire pouring out of their eyes. No. "Mr. Vice President, what do you think of this? How was your breakfast, sir? Did you enjoy it?" When I banned travel from China Biden, called it hysterical and xenophobic. He even used, somewhere along the line, the word racist. He always figures, they always want to get that word in there. If we had listened to Joe, hundreds of thousands of more Americans would have died. But instead my decision, saved thousands and thousands of lives. And then we banned Europe very early because I saw what was going on, really in Italy and Spain and France. When the virus arrived, we launched the largest national mobilization since World War II. Mike Pence did a great job. We produced more than 100,000 ventilators within weeks. And not a single American who has needed a ventilator has been denied a ventilator, not one. You heard all about, and now we're producing ventilators. Hard to produce. Expensive, complex. We're producing them now for the rest of the world. 188 countries were affected by this. We pioneered advances in treatment that have reduced the monthly rate. And you look at this, the mortality rate has been reduced by 85% since April. Think of that. 85% since April. Under Operation Warp Speed, three different vaccines are right now in final stage trials. If you go back three years, that would have been something that would have been impossible to even discuss. It would have taken years. We will produce a vaccine this year and together we will defeat the virus. It's already getting defeated. And by the way, another big Democrat hoax. Another big hoax. I want football back. I'm the one that's been saying. Is that a correct statement? I want football back. These are young, strong guys. They're not going to be affected by the virus. If you look at it, it's generally older people. Older people that have heart conditions, that have diabetes, that have problems. These are big strong guys. They'll be just fine. But I want football back. I've been calling for football to be back, including Big 10. Big 10, get with it. Open up your season, Big 10. And the Dems don't want it back for political reasons. But now their new line… This is like Russia, Russia, Russia. All this crap they come up with. Now their new line is they are trying to blame me and keep football shut down. They want to keep it shut down. And they're saying that President Trump shut it down. I'm the one that wants it open. So they're reversing it. They're playing a big con game. It's just a con game. And that's what we're dealing with. And we have to defeat them on November 3rd. I want football back and Big 10 open. And now the other day, Joe Biden came up with a plan to impose a blanket shutdown. He'd be willing to do another blanket. And we had to do it. We blanket, we shut down. We saved millions of lives. Instead of the number we have today, 175,000, we could have had 2 million today instead. It would have been unacceptable, unsustainable. Unsustainable. We did everything right. We did it right. We closed it down. We stopped China. We stopped Europe. Now we're opening it up and we're opening it up to record numbers, despite the fact that the Democrats are keeping their states shut down and hurting people that live in those states, shut down as long as possible. But now Biden wants to do another blanket shutdown, possibly, that would decimate the economy and cause suicides, drug overdoses, alcohol abuse, heart attacks, joblessness. You'd have jobs, all of the problems that it causes. Because it's not just a one sided equation. A shut down causes big problems also. And at this point, when the economy is roaring back. We had record job numbers this last quarter, over 9 million jobs. We're going to throw that all out? We have a market… You know, your stock market. Who has 401k's here? Your 401k's and your stocks, when you have stocks, would be obliterated. And right now, we have just, on two of your markets, as you know, S&P and NASDAQ, you're at new records. And you're about to hit another new record. Think of it. Who would have thought the stock market? And hopefully we're at the end of this horrible China virus. Came from China. They should have stopped it and they did. But who would have thought, just who would have thought that the stock market is at record levels right now? Record levels. And everything else is going to follow. Before the virus, we created an economic miracle and now we're doing it again. We did the Paycheck Protection Program where we saved more than 200,000 jobs in New Hampshire alone. 200,000, right? Over the past three months, we've gained so many different, if you look at retail numbers. Take a look at our retail numbers. They're literally at records. Look at some of the numbers be announced by companies. They're at records. Can you imagine giving that all up and starting again? It's not acceptable. If I'm reelected, we will create 10 million jobs over the next 10 months, and we'll do that easily. The Biden agenda, with big tax increases and big regulation increases, would immediately kill everything. You will go into a depression. And I'm very good at predicting this. You will go into a depression the likes of which this country has not seen since 1929, and who knows, maybe worse than that. They are playing a suicide mission. … be worse than that. They are playing a suicide mission if they want to raise your taxes. They want to raise your taxes by $4 trillion. And that's going to be almost everybody. They're saying for the rich. No, not for the rich. They're going to be raising everybody's taxes almost. Joe Biden is running on the most extreme far left platform of any nominee in American history and of our foreign adversaries, we're devising a plan to destroy the United States from within. All they have to look is at the Biden Harris. How about her? Is she a beauty? What a beauty that is. They pick a woman who starts off… She starts off sort of strong. She's one of the favorites. Within a period of a few months, she goes down, down 15, 12, 11, nine, eight, five, three, two. Then she goes, "I'm going to leave because I've decided that I want to leave. I want to leave." She left because she wouldn't have gotten any votes. She was terrible. This would be your president possibly. I don't think so. I don't think so. I want to see the first woman president also, but I don't want to see a woman president get into that position the way she do it and she's not competent. She's not competent. They're all saying we want Ivanka. I don't blame them. They want to eliminate America's borders in the middle of a pandemic, suspend all deportations, restore catch and release, and expand horrible, dangerous, disgusting sanctuary cities. They want to give illegal aliens government healthcare and taxpayer funded lawyers. That's what we need is more lawyers. Let's get some more lawyers into the act. They want to end national security travel bands from jihadist nations, very dangerous, and increase refugee admissions by 700%. This is in the Bernie Sanders, crazy Bernie, you know crazy Bernie. A lot of his people are going to vote for me just like they did last time. You know why? Because of trade. Because I agree with Bernie Sanders, but my trade policies are much tougher than his and I'm able to do it. All you have to do is how is China doing last year with my trade policy? Not too well. And we had the best year we've ever had. We're going to get a lot of Bernie Sanders voters because they like my attitude on trade. They really like it because I've been telling people for years our country is being ripped off by China and many other countries, including, I hate to say it, our allies. Our allies have been ripping us big. And you heard me say last night, NATO, I got $130 billion from them first time going up to $400 billion a year from NATO countries, by saying, "You got to do it. You got to do it." And general Secretary Stoltenberg said it can't be done. He could not believe it. He's actually my biggest fan and nobody ever calls him for a quote. Call him sometime. They want to abolish cash bail and cut funding for law enforcement. They want to end… We want to increase law enforcement, not cut law enforcement. And by the way, Pat Lynch is a great guy, New York, New York. Really great, New York's finest, right? Their rights have been taken away from them. Literally they're not allowed to do their job, but Pay Lynch, he said the first time in history that they know of New York's finest have endorsed a candidate. The candidate is Donald Trump. First time they've done it. All over the country, the sheriffs of Florida, all of Texas, all over the country, Ohio, law enforcement's endorsing Trump. I cannot imagine them getting any law enforcement endorsements. If they do, please let me know and we'll have a little discussion. We'll ask why did that happen? They want to end school choice and ban charter schools. They want to abolish American energy, including all of the things I said before. And add to that coal and add to that shale. A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, a bright future, the American dream for all Americans. There is no limit to what we can achieve with four more years. So in conclusion, I have to say this. Over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing super power of the world that's happening already. We will end our reliance on China once and for all. We'll do it here. Like we used to do in the good old days before we owed trillions of dollars. We will hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement, surge federal prosecutors into high crime communities and neighborhoods and ban sanctuary cities. We will kill our terrorist's enemies as we've been doing while keeping America out of the endless foreign Wars. I go to Dover and I greet these incredible families of soldiers that have been so sadly killed. So sadly killed. It's such a shame. I go to the hospital, I go to Walter Reed Medical Center. It's incredible. The doctors are so talented. I see what they can do, but soldiers so badly hurt. And they're really acting as police. They're acting as police. Now, we're very low in Afghanistan now in terms of numbers of troops. We're getting out. We'll be getting out soon. We're very low in Iraq. We're very low in Syria, except we kept the oil. We left some behind for the oil. If you don't mind, we kept the oil. We should have kept the oil in Iraq like I've been saying. We'll appoint prosecutors, judges, and justices who believe in enforcing the law, not their own political agenda, which is what we have in many cases right now. The next president will be in my opinion, responsible for two, three, four, and maybe, maybe even five US Supreme Court Justices. You better vote for me, you better vote for me or you're going to have the greatest depression you've ever seen. We will uphold religious liberty, free speech and the right to keep and bear arms. Second amendment. We will surprise medical billing require, it's already done. I signed it. Nobody can believe I did it. Price transparency. You know what that is? Do you know how big that is? Where you're able to actually negotiate with hospitals, see their prices, compare it. You know who likes it? Good hospitals and good doctors. Other people don't like it. It's the biggest thing and nobody even talks about it, but I've already put it into effect. The bad news is it goes into effect on January 1st. You better make sure you elect me so I get credit for it. Otherwise, could you imagine if sleepy Joe got in and medical prices and drug prices and everything had dropped, but he said, "I wonder what happened?" And I did it all. I'll be so angry at New Hampshire. I'll never speak to you again. Now, all these things, what we're doing with drugs, we instituted a favored nations laws. We instituted favored nations. That's going to drop your prices 50, 60, 70%. And I'm the only president in 51 years, last year, drug prices went down a little, not much, but they went down the first time in 51 years. Favored nations could drop at 50, 60, or 70%. On top of that, I instituted rebates where the rebates go toward price reductions and back to the customer instead of to a middleman. So we will protect Medicare and we will protect Social Security and we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions. America will land the first woman on the moon and the United States will be the first nation to plant its beautiful American flag. Do we love our American flag? Or Mars. Above all, we will teach our children to love our country, to honor our history and be inspired by the words of the New Hampshire state motto. Have you ever heard of these words? Live free or die. Live free or die. Vote for those people. And you do, you have a great governor. Vote for your people, vote for your governor. You have a great governor. From Portsmouth to Dixville from Concord to Keene. I know a friend from Keene. Great guy. I had a friend from Keene a long time. Keene, New Hampshire. And Merrimack to Manchester, we will fight for every job, every family and every neighborhood. We will fight for every vote. We have to win. We have no choice. Can I be honest with you? We're working hard. We're all working. I don't have to do this. I could get off that beautiful plane that used to be black and white with a red stripe. That was mine. But that's Air Force one. I get off that beautiful plane. I could come up and say, "Ladies and gentlemen of New Hampshire, you have no choice. You have to vote for me because if you don't, you'll be put in radical lefties. You'll have a depression. Your stocks will be worthless. Your 401ks will be gone. There'll be crime all over your streets. So I'm not going to work at all. I'm leaving now, but you have to vote for me because you have no choice." Right? I could say it. Right? Right? We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the oceans, blazed the trail, settled the continent, tamed the wilderness, laid down the railroads. Won two World Wars, defeated fascism and communism and made America the greatest nation in the history of the world and we are making it greater. We will be greater than ever before. Incredible citizens like you, the people of New Hampshire, helped build this country. And together we are taking back our country. We are not going to let the radical left socialists or communists take our country. We're not going to let it. We're returning power to you the American people. With your help, your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working. We are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one nation under God. And we don't take the beautiful word God out of our Pledge of Allegiance, do we? They did it twice. They it twice. Then they say, "Well, we didn't mean that." Oh, I see. I was listening once they said, "That's right." You don't know what it is, what happened? What happened? They did it on purpose. They did it twice. That's where they're coming from. You can be fools and you can be fooled, but that's where they're coming from. So don't be surprised, but they're not going to get there. We're not going to let it happen. We're not going to let our country be destroyed by a bunch of nut jobs. America will soon be thriving like never before and together with the people of New Hampshire that have meant so much to me, and I brought down opioid and I brought down drug problems for you by 19% and nobody even talks about it. 19. I talk about New Hampshire a lot because you had one of the proportionally worst problems of any country, of any state in this incredible country. You had one of the worst problems of any of the states. And I talk about you a lot. It was incredible. And you still have. But we brought it down 19% and people are absolutely shocked. If it weren't for the China plague, the number would be 25 or 30%. That really hurt us because people sort of went back to some old ways because they don't want to be shut down any longer. Joe, don't you understand that? They don't want to be shut down. So I worked very hard on that for this state and for other states, but this was a state that was so severely impacted with the drug problem. That wall is stopping them and it's stopping them like never before. It's stopping them like never before. I want to thank New Hampshire for all you've done for me. I want to thank New Hampshire. You were my first victory, as I said, but you are going to lead a nation to the most important victory and the most important election that we've ever had. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you. Thank you.